Kagura: There were also many other \Nstaff who were affected.
Kagura: and *****-san.
All: We're very sorry!
GINTOKI: Time to commit seppuku.
GINTOKI: You're dressed in white \Nso you're ready to die.
shinpachi: Why only me?!
shinpachi: We're all dressed in white!
Kagura: What's wrong?
Kagura: It's time for you to take responsibility
Kagura: for turning the eighth \Nepisode of the second series
Kagura: into a weak recap episode!
shinpachi: How is that my fault?!
GINTOKI: People want to see major characters \Ndie in the last episode.
GINTOKI: It's standard practice.
GINTOKI: You need to die to make \Nthis show legendary.
shinpachi: Are you telling me to \Nthrow my life away?!
shinpachi: And there wouldn't be \Nany drama if I died now!
shinpachi: We just started apologizing and \Nwe're already offending more people!
Kagura: There's something we \Nforgot to apologize for.
Kagura: but we won't be showing the story \Nthat was in last week's preview.
Kagura: I guess we got your hopes up for nothing.
All: We're sorry!
shinpachi: You did it on purpose!
Both: Shut up!
Kagura: Stupid!
Kagura: You actually thought the staff members \Ncould handle two long arcs in a row?!
Kagura: Don't overestimate them!
GINTOKI: Yeah! And we already \Napologized last week!
shinpachi: When did you do that?!
GINTOKI: Are you blind?
GINTOKI: Look at his lips move.
shinpachi: Who would get that?!
shinpachi: That's just plain evil!
shinpachi: And you guys aren't even \Nsincere about apologizing!
Okita: Don't get too worked up.
Okita: We'll take over from here.
shinpachi: The Shinsengumi members!
Toshi: Hold on.
Toshi: Why do I have to clean up their mess?
Toshi: you might as well disembowel yourself.
Toshi: Or else I'll kill you.
Yama: Huh?! Why me?!
Yama: And all I did this time around was \Nsay anpan over and over again!
Yama: I didn't do anything to offend anyone!
Okita: I'll jam it right up your ***.
Okita: ...did nothing to offend anyone.
Toshi: That's bullshit! You've offended \Neveryone under the sun!
Toshi: Kondo-san...
Kondo: I'll apologize for the Shinsengumi.
Kondo: I'll lay myself bare and apologize \Nfor all the trouble we've caused.
Kondo: We're sorry.
Toshi: You're literally bare now!
Toshi: You were planning on doing \Nthis from the start!
Toshi: What's ordinary about \Nstripping buck naked?!
Kondo: What's left to reveal?
GINTOKI: Your ass hair.
Kondo: What?!
Kondo: S-Stop it!
Okita: And you need to humiliate \Nyourself when you apologize.
Okita: Prostrating yourself isn't enough.
Kondo: You must be joking!
Kondo: and apologize for everything \Nwe may have done.
Kondo: We're sorry!
GINTOKI: One more time!
Kondo: We're sorry!
Okita: One more time.
Kondo: We're sorry!
GINTOKI: One more time!
Kondo: We're sorry! We're sorry!
Okita: One more time.
Toshi: Cut it out!
Toshi: I'm really sorry about this!
Sa: I've been hiding here for six years
Sa: while watching Gin-san *** and ***!
Tsu: I'm sorry for being a naughty girl
Tsu: who gets drunk in the middle of \Nthe day and embarrasses herself.
Tsu: I need booze to get me \Nthrough this final episode!
Tojo: I'm sorry for being a naughty boy \Nwho needs kinky play to get it up!
Madao: I-I'm sorry!
Hata: You failed to properly apologize \Nat the beginning of the show.
Hata: Now repent.
Kagura: I'll go first.
Kagura: but I'm always throwing up.
Kagura: I'm sorry...
shinpachi: She threw up before God!
Kagura: The memories made me throw up.
Kagura: so I spilled everything.
Hata: Are you done repenting?
GINTOKI: There is a way to counter barf.
Hata: Really? But it's the last episode.
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: Behold the results of our attempts \Nto continuously improve!
GINTOKI: It's a bodily process.
GINTOKI: Like when you suddenly get hard in class.
GINTOKI: So the key is what you \Ndo after you get hard.
shinpachi: It's disgusting!
shinpachi: And why are you covering \NHedoro-san's chest?!
shinpachi: That's not needed!
GINTOKI: Hide. That's certainly an option.
GINTOKI: But when it comes to barf...
Kagura: You can use sound effects to cover it up!
Kagura: I'll give it a try!
Hata: Cut it out! You're standing before God!
Hata: You bet!
Hata: Look!
Hata: This geezer's sick of \Nstanding in the same pose!
Hata: He's gonna die! Hurry up!
Kagura: We've been throwing up the entire show.
All: We're sorry!
Hata: Now pray.
Otae: Nobody cares that I want to \Nrestore our father's dojo now.
Otae: I'm sorry for ever mentioning it.
Tojo: I'm sorry for climaxing-ray!
Kyu: I'm sorry for sending a \Nperson to the afterlife.
Madao: I-I'm sorry...
Katsura: I present the Joi Apology Seminar for \Nthe shy person who doesn't how to apologize!
shinpachi: What is this?
shinpachi: I see. That'll really help!
shinpachi: Are you saying that they \Nshould use alcohol?
Otae: Welcome.
Otae: You look so young.
Otae: How old are you?
Katsura: Let's say that I'm in my late twenties.
shinpachi: This is turning into a \Nhostess club seminar.
Otae: I forgot to introduce myself.
Katsura: O-Oh.
Katsura: It's bad manners to ask \Nfor her e-mail address or
Katsura: Wait until she's about to leave.
shinpachi: We don't need that information!
shinpachi: And my sister already apologized first!
Otae: {\an8}Did I get your clothes wet? Are you okay?
shinpachi: You finally get a chance to apologize.
Katsura: No.
shinpachi: Huh?
Katsura: Hey!
Katsura: These glasses are hard to hold.
shinpachi: Huh? You aren't going to apologize?
shinpachi: And you're a pretty nasty customer.
shinpachi: That wasn't an apology!
shinpachi: And it didn't even make sense!
Katsura: I-I'm sorry...
shinpachi: That's the punch line?!
Saka: but at least I didn't miss \Nthe Year of the Dragon!
Saka: How could you go to Smile without me?!
Saka: I'm sorry Oryo-chan.
Saka: I promise to visit this year!
Kamui: What? Apologize?
Kamui: Are you talking to me?
Kamui: I who only appeared in one episode \Nin the second series?
Kamui: I'll kill you.
Otose: Don't be sad because \Nit's the last episode!
Cath: You still have We are Old TamaCure!
Tama: I'm sorry for offending so many \Npeople in a matter of seconds.
Madao: I'm sorry.
Mata: We made it in time!
Bansai: It seems that they want us to apologize.
Takechi: I believe we should do \Nas they want this time.
Bansai: The Kiheitai episode was a little bloody.
Taka: I'm sorry.
Taka: I shouldn't be so violent.
Taka: But I really want to destroy...
Taka: ...the Greater Edo Ordinance Regarding \Nthe Healthy Development of Youths!
Kagura: This turned into a \Ntypical random episode.
Kagura: We got all these people here and \Nwe still can't make it work?
Kagura: Are you zeros?
Kagura: Total zeros?
Kagura: Are you going to spend the \Nrest of your lives as zeros?
GINTOKI: We're trying the best we can!
Kagura: What are you talking about?
Kagura: We haven't done any apologizing. \NThe producers have...
shinpachi: Hey! Stop talking!
shinpachi: That's a delicate issue!
shinpachi: It's gotten pretty touchy!
Kagura: Really?
GINTOKI: Sure!
GINTOKI: Let's look back!
shinpachi: I-I'm sorry.
shinpachi: We're sorry! We're really sorry!
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
GINTOKI: I got too cocky.
GINTOKI: I'm sorry!
Madao: I'm very sorry.
Sa: Sorry...
Sa: Sorry.
Sa: Sorry.
Sa: Please forgive me.
Katsura: Sorry!
Toshi: I'm sorry!
Toshi: I'm sorry!
Toshi: Please! Please spare my life!
Matsu: Sorry. Bye.
All: We're sorry!
Cath: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
shinpachi: I'm sorry!
Toshi: My bad.
Kondo: Oh. Sorry.
GINTOKI: We deeply apologize.
GINTOKI: I'm sure you've all forgotten \Nmy touching apology.
Both: Touching apology?
GINTOKI: Damn old man!
Jirocho: Kid!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: I will keep my promise and survive.
GINTOKI: In return...
Jirocho: You will keep your promise and...
Both: I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: Right?
shinpachi: The hell are you on?!
shinpachi: That never happened!
shinpachi: Don't start rewriting history!
Kagura: You ruined a good scene! Don't \Nput words in Jirocho's mouth!
Toshi: I guess this is it.
Okita: Let's go drink.
Okita: Without Hijikata-san.
Toshi: Eh?!
Madao: Yay! Free food!
Tojo: Lady! I already booked us at ***!
Cath: We won't leave a single ass hair.
Sa: Hey! Gin-san's ass hair is mine!
Tsu: What are you fighting about? Foolishness.
Katsura: I guess I'll go home and \Ntake a Joi by myself.
Yama: And you realize that you're \Nsurrounded by cops!
Yama: Huh?
Kondo: We should go drink instead of wasting \Nour time on this Odd Jobs mess.
Toshi: That's true.
All: Huh?
GINTOKI: Th-That's...
GINTOKI: The gorilla author!
GINTOKI: That stinks!
GINTOKI: What is this?
shinpachi: It looks like a letter.
Kagura: Okay.
Sorachi: I want to be a cheese steamed bun!
Kagura: Should we beat him up later?
GINTOKI: Stupid.
GINTOKI: You should know the answer.
GINTOKI: we'll pop out!
Both: Yeah!
All: Sorry that we'll never \Ngive up (on dirty jokes)!
shinpachi: What the hell happened to you in the past year?!
GINTOKI: That's long enough for my hair to grow out.
shinpachi: Forget your hair!  You look like a completely different character!
shinpachi: You're acting like we just ran into each other for the first time in years at the World Martial Arts Tournament!
shinpachi: Why do you have a scar?!
shinpachi: Why do you have that patch on your chest?!
GINTOKI: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: Did you forget the promise we made?
shinpachi: Huh?
GINTOKI: Don't you remember?
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: Gintama was starting to lose its novelty.
GINTOKI: So we discussed how it was necessary to
GINTOKI: give the show a breath of fresh air to keep the fans interested.
GINTOKI: Each of us would use this break to work on a remedy.
GINTOKI: And then we would return to New Odd Jobs.
All: We'll meet up at Jabaody Archipelago in two years!
shinpachi: We never made any promises!
shinpachi: Where the hell is Jabaody Archipelago?!
GINTOKI: Doesn't matter where it is.
GINTOKI: It comes down to feeling and inspiration.
shinpachi: You stole that promise from a different anime!
shinpachi: Nobody was waiting for you fools!
GINTOKI: What were you doing?
GINTOKI: I had a rough time.
GINTOKI: Getting blown up by weird aliens...
GINTOKI: Impaled by cyborgs...
GINTOKI: Losing my woman to some guy with a mad widow's peak...
shinpachi: You keep using flashbacks from other shows!
shinpachi: And you did all of this in one year?!
GINTOKI: Huh? One year?
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: Two years have passed in this anime in the past year.
shinpachi: That's not much of a difference.
shinpachi: And you're clearly lying!
GINTOKI: I'm not lying.
GINTOKI: Just look at how much I've changed.
Kagura: I'm back!
Kagura: 'Sup!
Kagura: How you been doing?
Kagura: Huh?
shinpachi: Excuse me.
shinpachi: Who are you?
Kagura: What? It's me.
Kagura: Kagura.
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: What?!
Kagura: You look exactly the same.
GINTOKI: Right?
GINTOKI: This guy didn't do anything the past two years.
shinpachi: Wait! This is...
shinpachi: Kagura-cha-
shinpachi: Kagura-san?!
shinpachi: You've gotta be kidding!
shinpachi: She's completely grown up!
Kagura: They say it only takes a woman three days to grow out of her boots.
Kagura: I'm tired after the long trip.
Kagura: Bring me some clothes.
Kagura: I'm gonna take a nap.
shinpachi: There's something else we need to address first...
GINTOKI: She's fast...
GINTOKI: She changed into her pajamas and plopped herself on the couch the moment she got home.
GINTOKI: She's grown into one hell of a pajama girl.
shinpachi: Am I supposed to be impressed?!
shinpachi: And what was the point in standing on my head?!
Kagura: Nowhere really.
Kagura: I flew around space with Pappy.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Are you talking about this?
Kagura: He's fast...
Kagura: He finished them off before I even mentioned them...
Kagura: Gin-chan's grown into one hell of a greedy guy.
shinpachi: That wouldn't be considered growth!
shinpachi: And do you feel you have to stand on my head to look impressive?!
GINTOKI: It appears that my two years of training wasn't for nothing.
Kagura: We're going to start a new legend here at New Odd Jobs!
Kagura: I'm getting excited!
shinpachi: Nothing's changed!
shinpachi: Two years have passed while I wasn't paying attention?!
shinpachi: Nobody told me about this!
shinpachi: Why was I the only one left behind?!
GINTOKI: That's what happens when you treat the break as a vacation.
GINTOKI: You're supposed to work hard when people aren't watching.
shinpachi: You're the one who's trying to convince everyone you were training during the break!
GINTOKI: Two years is enough for ramen to grow stale.
shinpachi: Can you stop calling me Nappa?
Kagura: Here's the receipt.
shinpachi: Uh...
shinpachi: Excuse me.
shinpachi: Sadaharu just left.
Sadaharu: It's been a while.
shinpachi: Him?!
shinpachi: Hold on!
shinpachi: That's impossible!
shinpachi: This is clearly the delivery man!
shinpachi: That dog was obviously Sadaharu!
Kagura: That was a delivery dog from Planet Komainu.
shinpachi: Just like him?!
shinpachi: That was obviously Sadaharu!
shinpachi: And they don't look anything like each other!
shinpachi: This isn't called growing a lot!
shinpachi: This is called turning into a completely different creature!
GINTOKI: Two years is enough for them to become old men.
shinpachi: This guy is literally just an old man!
shinpachi: Brother?!
Sadaharu: Please don't blame Sister.
Sadaharu: I will make amends!
Sadaharu: If a doggy or two will satisfy you...
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: What do you mean by doggy?!
shinpachi: Why does this remind me of pinky amputation?!
shinpachi: What's wrong with this Sadaharu?!
shinpachi: Why is he acting like a direct-to-video fan?!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: Wait a second.
shinpachi: That's...
shinpachi: Sadaharu?!
shinpachi: There's a small Sadaharu on his tail?!
GINTOKI: What's this?
shinpachi: What's going on?!
Sadaharu: Mind if I tell you an old story?
Sadaharu: There was a very happy dog who belonged to very wonderful owners.
Sadaharu: the dog chose to fight alongside them.
shinpachi: Why would you do that?
shinpachi: Why would you do that?
Sadaharu: It continued to grow bigger.
Sadaharu: his body shrunk.
Sadaharu: As though the wart was sapping his strength...
Sadaharu: Do you understand?
Sadaharu: That's right - I am that wart.
shinpachi: How could I possibly understand?!
shinpachi: That's so short that I have no idea what you mean!
Sadaharu: Do not worry.
Sadaharu: You can call us the Wartio Brothers.
shinpachi: That's not funny!
Sadaharu: Please call me Wartiharu.
Sadaharu: It is an honor.
shinpachi: I'm not gonna call you that!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to keep this freak as a pet?!
shinpachi: I won't have it!
shinpachi: I refuse to accept this!
shinpachi: Otose-san!
shinpachi: Hello?
shinpachi: Listen to this!
shinpachi: Gin-san and Kagura are...
Otose: What's all the fuss about?
Otose: Don't just barge into a lady's room.
Otose: You should knock first.
Catherine: It's probably something stupid again.
Catherine: Just ignore him.
Catherine: It's a waste of time to listen to him.
shinpachi: I knew it...
shinpachi: You haven't changed at all...
shinpachi: They were lying about two years passing.
Otose: What are you babbling about?
Otose: ...quite some time since I've seen you.
Tama: A long time.
Catherine: A very long time.
shinpachi: You're all Wartiharu!
shinpachi: There's nothing to recognize!
shinpachi: You've all evolved into different creatures!
shinpachi: And an android is capable of growing warts?!
shinpachi: So there's nothing left of Tama-san?!
GINTOKI: everybody's been working hard while you weren't watching.
GINTOKI: We've all been trying to grow.
shinpachi: Only their warts have grown!
GINTOKI: The past two years aren't coming back.
GINTOKI: You have to face reality and look to the future.
GINTOKI: You'll have plenty of chances to redeem yourself!
GINTOKI: The chance to create a wart!
shinpachi: You bet I'm gonna deny that chance!
shinpachi: Just leave me alone.
shinpachi: There was a two year jump during the one year break like in One Piece...
shinpachi: Warts turning into old men...
shinpachi: Everybody leaving me behind...
shinpachi: How am I supposed to accept this?!
shinpachi: Sorry.
shinpachi: I don't want to see anyone right now.
shinpachi: It feels like everyone's gone to a faraway place.
shinpachi: I've experienced this many times before.
shinpachi: We're all running in the darkness.
shinpachi: But everyone else is faster than me.
shinpachi: but I end up alone in the darkness.
Otae: Because you have a goal to guide you through the darkness.
Otae: The truly unfortunate are those who stand still without any sense of which direction to go.
Otae: And it's hardest on the person who's running out in front when he can't tell left from right...
Otae: They may take a lot of detours...
Otae: It only makes sense.
Otae: Since I'll be there to kick you along.
shinpachi: Sis...
shinpachi: Sis...
shinpachi: Sis!
shinpachi: It doesn't matter if two years have passed!
shinpachi: I can go anywhere if I'm with you!
Kondo: That's the little brother I know!
Kondo: You can hang on tight to the two of us!
Kondo: I won't go easy on you!
Kondo: But I promise to take you to Neverland!
Otae: Honestly...
Otae: Though I'll always be right behind you.
Kondo: What's for dinner tonight?
Otae: Your favorite.
Kondo: What? Curry...
Otae: Omelets.
Kondo: Thought so!
Kondo: Y-Yay!
Kondo: This will help me forget everything bad that's happened!
Otae: Open wide!
Kondo: I can eat my own food.
Otae: We're married now.
Otae: This is a perfectly normal thing to do.
Kondo: You're such a doll!
Kondo: Nobody would be able to guess which one of us used to stalk the other one!
Otae: Don't say that.
Otae: I could have found happiness much sooner.
Otae: I never imagined that you would quit the Shinsengumi and help us with our dojo.
Kondo: The Shinsengumi can do fine without me.
Kondo: They have plenty of responsible people.
Kondo: I'm hopeless without you...
Kondo: I can't believe I said that!
shinpachi: I'm finished eating...
Otae: You barely touched your food.
shinpachi: Huh?
Kondo: Today's your first day on the job!
Otae: That's right.
Otae: so you need to work hard.
Otae: Here.
Kondo: It feels good to know that you'll be there to replace me.
Kondo: I'm trusting you to take care of the Shinsengumi.
Otae: but do your best.
Otae: The two of us...
Kondo: Right.
Kondo: Hmm?
Kondo: Three of us?
Kondo: Three of us...?
Otae: Become a samurai that will make this child proud.
Kondo: I'm going to be a father?!
Kondo: H-Huh?
Kondo: Shinpachi-kun?!
Otae: He's fired up!
shinpachi: Are you shitting me?!
shinpachi: God!
shinpachi: What have I done to deserve this?!
shinpachi: I go on vacation for a year and this is what happens?!
shinpachi: It's not right!
shinpachi: The Odd Jobs members have changed!
shinpachi: and become my older brother!
shinpachi: I'm the third wheel now!
shinpachi: They sent me to the Shinsengumi to get me out of the house!
shinpachi: This short amount of time was all it took to leave me with nowhere to belong?!
shinpachi: This is awful...
shinpachi: It's like I'm the only person left in an unknown world...
shinpachi: Where am I supposed to go?
Kyube: I understand how you feel.
Kyube: I was once in your position.
shinpachi: Ky-Kyubei-san?!
shinpachi: Sh-She totally looks like a girl now!
shinpachi: And her hand...
Kyube: S-Sorry...
shinpachi: Kyubei-san...
shinpachi: You're okay with touching men now?
shinpachi: And your clothes...
Kyube: S-Sorry...
Kyube: I couldn't ignore you when I saw you crying...
Kyube: so I decided that I needed to change.
shinpachi: I see...
shinpachi: Because she lost my sister...
Kyube: D-Do I look strange?
shinpachi: Ah! Sorry about what I said!
shinpachi: You look really cute!
shinpachi: You're totally my type!
Kyube: Th-Thank you...
Kyube: you aren't alone.
Kyube: I'm here for you.
Kyube: So you can come here when you're feeling down.
Kyube: I come here all the time.
Kyube: It helps when there's someone else who feels the same way as you do.
Kyube: And do you mind if I ask a favor in return?
shinpachi: Huh?
Kyube: Could you experiment by touching me from time to time?
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: What's she talking about?
Kyube: It seems that I'm fine when you touch me.
Kyube: I wonder why?
Kyube: Maybe it's because you resemble Tae-chan.
Kyube: Or maybe...
shinpachi: M-My heart is about to burst!
Kyube: I want to forget about Tae-chan...
Kyube: I have to learn to live with men.
Kyube: So...
Kyube: Is it okay?
shinpachi: Was Kyubei-san always this cute?!
shinpachi: It's okay!
shinpachi: Absolutely okay!
shinpachi: I can help you every day if you want!
shinpachi: I'll help you with anything you need!
shinpachi: I can touch you every day!
Kyube: R-Really?
Kyube: I'm so happy.
Kyube: Then touch me more.
Kyube: Please be gentle when you experiment.
shinpachi: Wait! What?
shinpachi: Hold on!
shinpachi: Kyubei-san!
shinpachi: If I...
shinpachi: If I experiment there...
shinpachi: I'll...
shinpachi: I'll...
shinpachi: ...turn into a mad scientist!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: There's something here...
shinpachi: Something that feels very familiar...
Kyube: Well?
Kyube: How is it compared to yours?
shinpachi: What procedure?
Kyube: For that.
shinpachi: For what?
Kyube: The procedure to attach a male organ.
shinpachi: What the hell did you do?!
shinpachi: You were asking me to touch your balls?!
Kyube: I've been completely reborn!
shinpachi: You've only made it worse!
Kyube: I'm tired of trying to become a man or a woman.
Kyube: with those people.
Guy: Kyu-chan!
Guy: We're heading back!
shinpachi: She's aiming for a incredibly wrong new world?!
shinpachi: It's bon voyage to a new world with the blue beard pirates?!
shinpachi: Why are you so proud?!
shinpachi: This is so crazy that I have no idea what's going on anymore!
Katsura: You actually attached that foul member to your body.
Katsura: I see that you're intent on making your character overlap with mine.
Kyube: You are...
Katsura: We are both considered serious characters.
Katsura: We only differ in gender.
Katsura: You intend to eliminate that difference and take over my role.
Katsura: But I was one step ahead of you!
Katsura: While you were attaching that foul member...
Katsura: I...
Katsura: Became Zurako!
shinpachi: but what the hell is going on with everyone?!
shinpachi: Average Joe Yamazaki?!
Yama: That's ancient history!
Yama: Back when I was still a cherry boy!
Yama: I stand fully erect now!
shinpachi: Whoa!
shinpachi: What happened?!
shinpachi: You're addicted to anpan now!
shinpachi: It's even showing up in your speech!
Hijikata: Uh...
Hijikata: Ow...
Hijikata: I'm Toshiro Hijikata.
Hijikata: Do you remember me?
Hijikata: Of course not.
shinpachi: Hi-Hijikata-san?!
shinpachi: Is this Hijikata-san?!
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: Hijikata-san would never smile like this!
shinpachi: Especially not after being slapped around by someone like Yamazaki-san!
shinpachi: He's smiling after being hit for no reason!
Hijikata: A lot's happened.
Hijikata: but it became painfully clear that ruling through fear would no longer work.
shinpachi: You ended up losing your position in the process!
Hijikata: It's making me blush.
shinpachi: Could you please stop being so creepy?
Hijikata: How are Gin-san and Kagura-chan doing?
Hijikata: They should have tagged along.
Hijikata: It's been pretty lonely without Kondo-san around.
shinpachi: Hijikata!
shinpachi: Enough already!
shinpachi: How can you call yourself Hijikata?!
shinpachi: How?!
shinpachi: I don't believe this...
shinpachi: The Shinsengumi has seen a complete overhaul...
shinpachi: Wait.
shinpachi: That means...
All: Kaiser!
All: Kaiser!
All: Kaiser!
shinpachi: He's been promoted way past the rank of commander...
Okita: Two years have passed since the formation of the Holy Shinsengumi Empire.
shinpachi: Empire?!
shinpachi: This is an empire?!
Okita: We now control over half of Edo.
shinpachi: You don't sound like the police anymore!
Okita: It won't be long before the day comes when we slaughter the Shogun and hoist the flag of our empire...
Okita: ...over Edo Castle!
shinpachi: That would make you Joi!
shinpachi: That would make you terrorists now!
Okita: An impregnable town of steel...
Okita: A lawless place for the ruffians of Edo to gather...
Okita: The Kabuki district!
Okita: it will come back to haunt us.
Okita: But worry not!
Okita: Every stronghold has a weakness!
Okita: And I now have the means to exploit that weakness.
Okita: ...as a hostage!
Okita: The town of steel will fall quickly now.
shinpachi: Hold on!
shinpachi: Who is this fearless general?!
shinpachi: Are you trying to crush Odd Jobs?!
Okita: I will eliminate anyone who stands in the way of my ambition.
shinpachi: Your ambition?!
Okita: I get annoyed when people combine words.
Okita: Why is this catching on?
Okita: But make the "Jer" inaudible.
shinpachi: Damn it...
shinpachi: What's going on?
shinpachi: Why is this happening?
shinpachi: I'm sick of this world...
shinpachi: Nobody I know is here...
Hijikata: but you don't look like you'll be much help.
shinpachi: Hi-Hijikata-san?
shinpachi: Are you...
Hijikata: Yeah...
Tamo: Here is this week's spotlight.
Tamo: This is quite a surprise.
Tamo: Another top-seller?
Tamo: Did you cut your hair?
Tamo: So how does it feel to go from living on the streets to cutting your hair?
Madao: I grew it out.
Madao: I said I didn't cut my hair!
Madao: Do you want me to cut my hair?!
Madao: Do I look bad with long hair?!
shinpachi: What's going on?
Hijikata: That's what I want to know.
Hijikata: As though everyone else had spent the past two years without me...
shinpachi: But why...
shinpachi: Why did you pretend to be different?
Hijikata: Because I thought that I was the one who was crazy.
Hijikata: Wouldn't you?
Hijikata: Every other person had changed.
Hijikata: I was the exception.
Hijikata: But I guess I couldn't handle it.
shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
shinpachi: Did we travel through time?
shinpachi: We're the only ones stuck in a completely different world.
Hijikata: Why did this happen to us?
shinpachi: Maybe we're being punished...
shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
shinpachi: ...slacking off on playing the straight man.
shinpachi: I was always exhausted after dealing with the onslaught of funny men.
shinpachi: And there wasn't much merchandise featuring me.
shinpachi: I had to wonder if playing a funny man paid better dividends...
shinpachi: I kicked back and completely forgot about playing the straight man.
shinpachi: everyone else found something to do and build on.
shinpachi: They were moving forward.
shinpachi: That's why I was left behind...
shinpachi: I'm guessing that you know what I'm talking about.
shinpachi: You were the only normal person in the Shinsengumi.
shinpachi: You were also in the straight man position.
Hijikata: That was because of the sword...
shinpachi: ...and engaged in bizarre behavior involving mayonnaise.
Hijikata: I just happen to like mayonnaise!
shinpachi: Then how do you explain the smiling act?
Hijikata: Enough.
shinpachi: Can you honestly say that you weren't trying to enjoy yourself?
shinpachi: I'm sorry.
shinpachi: I shouldn't have said that.
Hijikata: Just forget it.
Hijikata: If the world was twisted into its current state by an oversaturation of funny men
Hijikata: we don't have any right to gripe about it.
Hijikata: Yeah...
Both: We have to live in this world...
Both: ...as punishment.
Hijikata: I'm heading back...
Hijikata: ...to the Holy Shinsengumi Empire.
Hijikata: I'll try to stop the kaiser...
Hijikata: ...from attacking Odd Jobs.
Hijikata: That's not going to help anything.
shinpachi: I see...
shinpachi: I plan on working at Odd Jobs.
shinpachi: Gin-san may look like Yamcha
shinpachi: but Odd Jobs is still the same place.
shinpachi: Good luck playing the straight man.
Hijikata: Same to you.
shinpachi: Not that it's going to change anything...
Kusano: The mysterious wart outbreak is continuing to spread throughout Edo.
Kusano: Medical scientists have finally determined the source of this malady.
Kusano: have been identified as parasitic aliens known as Q'Sai Nettles.
Kusano: and assimilate information from the host.
Kusano: The alien supplants the host
Kusano: and matures the appearance of the host by two years after a few days.
Kusano: It should be noted that these aliens are attracted to ambition.
Kusano: and the aliens will evolve according to that ambition.
Kusano: Do you know anyone who's gone through a sudden change and talked about two years passing?
Kusano: It's possible that they've been infected by Q'Sai Nettles.
Kusano: Then use something like a paper fan to smack the Q'Sai Nettle as hard as you can.
Kusano: Your friends have not changed!
Kusano: Two years haven't passed!
Kusano: The world before you is...
Kusano: ...a world with warts!
Kusano: Huh?
shinpachi: So wait.
shinpachi: What?
shinpachi: In other words...
shinpachi: They're all Wartiharu?!
shinpachi: Yamcha Gin-san is just a Yamcha wart!
shinpachi: The grown-up Kagura-chan is just a wart with two big warts!
shinpachi: The gorilla couple is two warts making a wart baby!
Hijikata: Ironic.
Hijikata: We weren't infected because we were slacking off.
shinpachi: I know exactly what I need to do now!
Hijikata: We're gonna paper fan this twisted wartiworld!
shinpachi: And take back our world!
Kagura: Shinpachi!
Kagura: Where did you go?
Kagura: I was looking everywhere for you!
shinpachi: Ka-Kagura-san?!
Kagura: You dummy!
Kagura: I was so worried!
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: Smack her with the fan!
Hijikata: That's just the wart!
shinpachi: Ka-Kagura-san!
shinpachi: It's not fair to press that body up against me!
Kagura: I was so lonely.
Kagura: An Odd Jobs without you is like you without glasses.
shinpachi: Doesn't that mean you only need my glasses?!
Kagura: Shinpachi...
shinpachi: Is this really a wart?!
shinpachi: This cute girl...
Hijikata: Don't be fooled!
Hijikata: Kaiser Okita de Sade Sogo III!
Okita: Hi-Hijikata-san...
Okita: I don't want to see you hit a woman...
Kagura: Hey!
Okita: Huh? How?
Okita: I devoted my life to making the force bigger...
Okita: I didn't hesitate to commit atrocities for the sake of protecting the Shinsengumi...
Okita: But Hijikata-san...
Okita: the Shinsengumi will just be a gang of thugs.
shinpachi: Hijikata-san?!
shinpachi: Don't be fooled!
shinpachi: That's a wart! Just a wart!
Okita: I-I wanted...
Okita: ...to have another bowl of mayonnaise with you...
shinpachi: That never happened!
shinpachi: You said it was dog food!
shinpachi: Stop lying!
Hijikata: Sogo! Get a hold of yourself!
shinpachi: You're the one who needs to get a hold of yourself!
shinpachi: Didn't we establish that he's just a wart?!
shinpachi: Move!
shinpachi: I'll finish it off!
Otae: A samurai would never attack a dying man!
shinpachi: S-Sis!
shinpachi: And she already gave birth!
Otae: How could you be so cruel?
Otae: What am I supposed to tell this child?
Hijikata: Don't be fooled!
Hijikata: She's not your sister!
Hijikata: She's just a wart!
shinpachi: You have no right to say that!
shinpachi: Fine!
shinpachi: I won't let you use my sister's face to play wife to the gorilla...
shinpachi: ...any longer!
Otae: Stop!
Otae: You've got it wrong!
Otae: The father of my child is actually...
Otae: Look at the hair!
shinpachi: What are you doing?!
Hijikata: Th-That hair...
Hijikata: That V-shaped hair is...?
shinpachi: Of course not!
shinpachi: How could the two of you have a kid when you barely even know each other?!
Otae: I couldn't hide my true feelings.
Otae: Even after pretending to be married to Isao-san...
shinpachi: Wait a sec!
shinpachi: My sister's turned into one hell of a slutty bitch?!
Otae: Please!
Otae: Take us away!
Otae: To a world without gorillas!
shinpachi: Hijikata-san!
shinpachi: Don't be fooled!
shinpachi: You don't have a kid!
Hijikata: You thought you could fool me with such a cheap trick?
Hijikata: Give me the kid and scram.
Hijikata: I'll look after it.
shinpachi: You've been completely fooled!
Hijikata: Let me raise Togoro!
shinpachi: Calm down!
shinpachi: Who the hell is Togoro?!
Kondo: Oh? His name is Togoro?
Kondo: What an adorable child.
Kondo: Would you mind letting me hold him?
Kondo: His mother and father must be lovely.
Kondo: But he's not as adorable as my little girl.
Kondo: Isako-chan?
shinpachi: Kondo-san!
shinpachi: You've lost your mind!
shinpachi: You've completely lost your mind!
Kondo: I won't let you have your happiness!
Kondo: You're all!
Kondo: You're all...
Kondo: ...headed straight down misery lane!
Hijikata: T-Togoro!
shinpachi: You can no longer be a straight man!
shinpachi: You've been completely fooled!
Kondo: Don't come any closer!
Kondo: I'll jump off with the child!
Hijikata: Let's not be hasty!
shinpachi: You're the one who needs to calm down!
shinpachi: We're supposed to be smacking down warts!
shinpachi: Why are you stopping a wart from killing itself?!
Hijikata: The child has done nothing wrong.
Hijikata: You should blame...
Hijikata: ...Otae and me!
shinpachi: Blame your poor excuse for a brain!
Hijikata: Kill me instead!
Hijikata: Please...
Hijikata: Spare Togoro!
shinpachi: Why are you giving up your life for a wart?!
Katsura: To protect your child with your life...
Katsura: Isn't thats how a true parent would behave?
Katsura: Yet look at you.
Katsura: You intend to die by yourself and leave us behind?
Kondo: Wh-Who are you?
Katsura: How cruel...
Katsura: You don't remember who comforted you at the bar after your wife ran out on you?
Kondo: A-Are you...
Kondo: From the bar...
Kondo: From the bar!
Kondo: Zurako-san!
shinpachi: How?!
shinpachi: How did you give birth?!
Katsura: You are a father now!
Katsura: You must live!
shinpachi: Aren't the two of you enemies?!
Katsura: Gorillina.
shinpachi: He can't be the father!
shinpachi: That's an actual gorilla there!
Kyubei: Such an adorable child.
Kyubei: Would you mind letting me hold her?
shinpachi: No shit!
Kondo: But she's not as adorable as my little girl.
shinpachi: Kyubei-san?!
Kondo: Willina?
shinpachi: The hell are you raising?!
shinpachi: You've lost more than your mind!
Kyubei: I don't need a wife or husband!
Kyubei: I have become the ultimate creature who can be both mother and father!
Kyubei: Have no fear!
Kyubei: I will make these children happy!
Hijikata: Togoro!
Kondo: Gorillina!
Katsura: Willina!
shinpachi: Damn it!
shinpachi: Cut this shit out!
shinpachi: I knew something was wrong.
shinpachi: Hijikata-san was also infected by a wart.
shinpachi: Warts that are attracted to ambition...
shinpachi: but I learned a valuable lesson.
shinpachi: The show is finally back on the air.
shinpachi: I need to stay focused
shinpachi: and aim as high as I can every week.
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: It's all over!
shinpachi: Let's do this!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: What?!
GINTOKI: Everyone looked different when the show came back on air.
GINTOKI: I had a hard time keeping up with everyone.
GINTOKI: Why was I the only one left out?
GINTOKI: These people are actually going to train themselves next time.
GINTOKI: Can't help it.
GINTOKI: When that happens...
GINTOKI: I'll go with this.
GINTOKI: Isn't it a little late for New Year cards?
GINTOKI: And why did everyone send one?!
GINTOKI: What a pain in the ass!
GINTOKI: So next time:
GINTOKI: Use a calligraphy pen for New Year cards!
GINTOKI: Plus another one that's a little late.
shinpachi: Uh....
GINTOKI: We have a new member in the family! with a picture of a baby.
GINTOKI: Don't make it sound like this just magically happened.
GINTOKI: Just write that you had a baby after ****ing like rabbits.
shinpachi: Nobody's going to say that on a New Year's card!
shinpachi: And who is this?
shinpachi: Who are these people?!
GINTOKI: Also...
GINTOKI: Don't bother if you're feeling lazy.
GINTOKI: You'll end up hurting someone's feelings.
shinpachi: And those editors are seriously brutal!
shinpachi: There's one from Sakamoto-san.
GINTOKI: From Tatsuma?
Sakamoto: Last year's Taiga drama was about me.
GINTOKI: What kind of message is that?!
GINTOKI: He wants to fully exploit his brief surge in popularity!
GINTOKI: You're getting another year of spot appearances in the openings and endings!
shinpachi: There's also one from Mutsu-san.
Mutsu: Don't bother tearing this up.
Kagura: I also received cards from the Kaientai.
GINTOKI: Why did they send cards to each of us?!
GINTOKI: That's so obnoxious!
GINTOKI: They're really dying for some screen time!
shinpachi: Wait...
shinpachi: There's a card from the Kiheitai!
GINTOKI: Huh?!
GINTOKI: From Takasugi?!
Takasugi: Happy New Year.
Takasugi: I'll be destroying everything again this year.
GINTOKI: No way...
GINTOKI: He sent a New Year's card?
GINTOKI: Isn't this more like a declaration of war?
Kagura: It might be a death threat.
All: The Kiheitai made an appearance in this year's Taiga drama.
GINTOKI: You too?!
GINTOKI: Does everybody want more screen time?!
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI: Zura gets plenty of screen time.
Katsura: I was on standby outside the entire time during the Santa episode.
GINTOKI: Like I give a damn!
Kagura: He never had a chance to jump in since\Nthere were so many characters around.
shinpachi: He sent a whole bunch.
GINTOKI: We already said that your characters don't overlap!
GINTOKI: You're just a psychotic moron!
GINTOKI: They make the silly Nakasaki couple look brilliant.
Sa: We got married!
GINTOKI: The hell is this?!
shinpachi: She sent a whole stack.
GINTOKI: That bitch has really done it now!
GINTOKI: Look at the shoddy picture!
GINTOKI: That's somebody else's body below my face!
Kagura: Someone sent a card to congratulate you.
Ketsuno: Congratulations!
Ketsuno: Make sure you don't end up getting divorced.
GINTOKI: Ana Ketsuno!
GINTOKI: What has she done?!
Kagura: Looks like she sent them everywhere.
Hinowa: Happy New Year.
Hinowa: And congratulations on your marriage.
Hinowa: This news will make Tsukuyo sad.
Tsukuyo: May you be happy together!
Tsukuyo: May you be happy together!
Tsukuyo: I appreciate your help last year.
Tsukuyo: Don't make your wife cry.
Tsukuyo: May you be happy together.
shinpachi: This is getting awkward...
shinpachi: It's obvious that Tsukuyo-san edited their cards.
Kagura: You also received one from the monkeys.
Kondo: Congratulations!
Kondo: I hope that our kids get to go to school together.
shinpachi: How many steps did that stupid gorilla skip?!
shinpachi: Just like me?!
shinpachi: It is me!
GINTOKI: Whoa.
GINTOKI: He also sent his everywhere.
Otsu: Thank you for all the supportapoop!
Otsu: I hope that you and the gorilla are happy together.
shinpachi: Otsu-chan!
shinpachi: She's got this totally wrong!
GINTOKI: Look.
GINTOKI: There's one from the Yagyu household.
Kyubei: I'm going to murder the gorilla.
Kyubei: I'm going to murder the gorilla!
Kyubei: I'm going to murder Kondo!
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: Kyubei-san's cards are the ones that need editing!
shinpachi: Her murderous rage is plain to see!
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that he's also lying about getting married...
Katsura: I was on standby outside the entire time during the ceremony.
GINTOKI: The hell is he doing?!
GINTOKI: Is he obsessed with being on standby?!
GINTOKI: There was no ceremony!
GINTOKI: Start by replying to the normal people.
shinpachi: Do we know any normal people...?
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: This one's from Hijikata-san?
GINTOKI: Whoa.
GINTOKI: What's this about?
Hijikata: I haven't seen Kondo-san in a week.
Hijikata: Do you know anything?
GINTOKI: We know nothing at all.
GINTOKI: No clue at all.
shinpachi: L-Let's move on.
shinpachi: Ah!
shinpachi: This is from Zenzo-san.
Zenzo: but I haven't been able to reach her for a week.
Zenzo: Have you seen her around?
shinpachi: The people who sent out fake wedding notices are disappearing one after another...
GINTOKI: It's not related.
Hatsu: I can't reach my husband.
Hatsu: I found some of my husband's belongings by the river.
Hatsu: Do you know anything?
GINTOKI: Yeah?
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san's missing and he wasn't involved in that crap.
GINTOKI: It's okay.
shinpachi: It's not okay!
shinpachi: He's missing for a completely different reason!
shinpachi: I have a really bad feeling about this.
shinpachi: the other two must have gotten into some kind New-Year-card-related trouble.
GINTOKI: It's not related.
Otae: I am unable to wish you a happy new year in this time of mourning.
Otae: This year will be...
GINTOKI: You had pets?
shinpachi: We did.
Kagura: I've never seen them before.
GINTOKI: That must have pissed her off.
shinpachi: P-Please don't tell anyone.
Okita: I haven't seen Kondo-san in a week.
Okita: Do you know anything about someone's older sister killing him?
shinpachi: How many older sisters are there in this show?!
shinpachi: What?!
shinpachi: Yamazaki-san?!
Yamazaki: Anpan! Anpan! Anpan!
shinpachi: What the hell happened to Yamazaki-san?!
Kagura: From Gondo.
GINTOKI: Where the hell is Gondo?
GINTOKI: Do we know anyone there?
Kagura: It's from someone called Mamyudapao.
GINTOKI: I'm 100% positive that we don't know this person!
GINTOKI: I'm 100% positive that this is a complete stranger!
Kagura: Let me read it.
Madao: My name is Mamudapao Hasegawa.
GINTOKI: It's just Hasegawa-san!
GINTOKI: How far did the river carry him?!
Madao: I could only remember the words Hasegawa and oldsocks.
GINTOKI: You've got it wrong!
GINTOKI: It's orthodox!
Madao: Mamudapao was the name given to me by the Hingromaxon chief who found me.
Madao: and sinking old man.
GINTOKI: There are too many meanings!
GINTOKI: The last one contradicts the first one!
Madao: Mamudapao.
Madao: Everyone calls me Madao for short.
GINTOKI: So they still call you Madao in the end!
Madao: The people of the Hingromaxon tribe are very kind.
Madao: They were willing to share their fruit with a complete stranger.
GINTOKI: They clearly hate you!
Madao: ...satisfied with my life here.
GINTOKI: This man is the definition of a masochist!
Madao: I had a mission before I lost my memories.
Madao: But I can't remember what it was.
Madao: Will they help unlock my memories?
Madao: and he said that he'd seen something similar before.
Madao: The Hingromaxon were engaged in a turf war with two other tribes.
Madao: He'd seen the other chiefs with similar pieces of paper.
Chief: They used their fearsome strength to rise to power
Chief: and began to invade our sacred forest.
Chief: They are monsters.
Chief: Our tribe stands no chance against them.
Chief: since you also came from a different world...
Madao: I may die.
Madao: I might as well be dead!
Sa: Move it!
Sa: Outta the way!
Kondo: Don't interfere with our crusade!
Madao: Stop this pointless war.
Madao: We are all children of this planet.
Madao: One big family.
Sa: Don't lump me in with you wretches!
Kondo: Our tribe is meant to rule the sacred forest!
Madao: No.
Madao: I'm sure that we share the same purpose.
Kondo: That's...
Kondo: I've always wondered who I was...
Sa: Wondered what I was meant to do...
Kondo: For a very long time...
Sa: Ever since I was wrapped up in a mat and washed away...
All: I always thought I was alone...
Madao: but our fragmented memories were united.
Kondo: I don't have time for that nonsense.
Sa: That should be obvious.
Madao: Let's write a New Year's card together.
All: Happy New Year!
All: We have new members in the family!
Katsura: but I ended up in Rhone.
GINTOKI: Make copies of this to send to everyone.
GINTOKI: I only received one chocolate this year. From my mom...
GINTOKI: I win. I got two. Including my sister...
GINTOKI: That joke is as old as chocolate and moms.
GINTOKI: Cut the crap.
GINTOKI: Don't put on airs by joking around to show that you don't care!
GINTOKI: I'm sick of it!
GINTOKI: The practice of passing chocolate around like idiots!
GINTOKI: Enough of this farce!
GINTOKI: execute every single person who gives or receives chocolate!
GINTOKI: Is that your final answer?
shinpachi: That's my final answer!
GINTOKI: Somebody bring me some chocolate!
GINTOKI: This makes no sense at all!
GINTOKI: Everything was the same as the first half!
GINTOKI: There was a stack of New Year's cards after the scene change!
GINTOKI: So why isn't there any chocolate here?!
GINTOKI: I want chocolate!
GINTOKI: No need for love!
GINTOKI: Just give me sugar!
shinpachi: I want love and that's my final answer!
GINTOKI: You can spend the rest of your life on the phone with Regis.
Otae: Sorry about making you come with me.
Kagura: I've heard that Valentine's is when girls give chocolate to the people they like.
Kagura: Does that mean you like a whole bunch of people?
Otae: These are just for passing out to our customers.
Otae: As for the people I like...
Otae: Here.
Kagura: Boss lady!
Kagura: I love you lots!
Kagura: But I don't have any chocolate for you.
Otae: It's okay.
Otae: You should find a nice man to give your chocolate to.
Kagura: But there's nobody.
Otae: You could give chocolate to Gin-san and Shin-chan this time.
Kagura: What? Forget it.
Kagura: I don't really like those morons.
Kagura: They'll probably gripe about not wanting any chocolate from a little brat.
Otae: That's not true.
Kagura: They don't need me when people like Sa-chan will give them some.
Kagura: Thanks for the chocolate.
Kagura: I-I'm not!
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that...
GINTOKI: ...you need to poop?
GINTOKI: Move it then.
GINTOKI: Constipation is bad for beauty.
Seita: Ka-Kagura-chan!
Seita: Is this what I think it is?!
Kagura: Chocolate.
Seita: R-Really?!
Seita: Mom!
Seita: She gave me chocolate!
Hinowa: Thank you for being so thoughtful.
Kagura: It's nothing.
Seita: It's safe to eat?
Kagura: It's obviously safe. Want me to kill you?
Hinowa: You're much more chic than I thought.
Hinowa: You have the potential to become a courtesan.
Kagura: Really?
Kagura: Then I should quit working at that dump and move here.
Seita: I see sesame seeds for some reason.
Tsukuyo: Don't touch those.
Tsukuyo: Boogers can make you sick.
Kagura: Enough already!
Kagura: Do you people think I'm some kind of monster?!
Kagura: Give that back!
Tsukuyo: Excuse me.
Tsukuyo: I'd like to buy that big chocolate heart.
Tsukuyo: Hinowa actually told me to give you guys chocolate from Yoshiwara.
Tsukuyo: Can you take care of that for me?
Tsukuyo: It'll be easier for you to hand yours over with mine.
Kagura: Tsu-ki!
Kagura: You're so sharp!
Kagura: Completely different from that clueless numbskull with wavy hair!
Tsukuyo: I-I can't help you there.
Kagura: Why? You also think it's embarrassing?
Tsukuyo: Wh-Why would I be embarrassed?!
Tsukuyo: I don't give a damn about Valentine's.
Kagura: You look embarrassed.
Kagura: I'll let them know how you feel.
Tsukuyo: What do you think you're doing?!
Tsukuyo: You're not helping!
Tsukuyo: Say that it's from everyone in Yoshiwara!
Tsukuyo: Why are you calling me Tsu-ki?!
Tsukuyo: so mind if I tag along?
Kagura: Yay!
Kagura: That looks good.
Kagura: Can I try one?
GINTOKI: We're not interested in a newspaper subscription.
Tsukuyo: My heart is pounding...
Tsukuyo: This is too much for me.
Tsukuyo: It's too embarrassing...
Sa: You want us to hand over our chocolate together?
Sa: Don't be a fool?
Sa: Why would we confess our feelings as a group?
Sa: Are we still in middle school?
Kagura: We're just going to give them chocolate.
Kagura: But I'm having trouble because it's so embarrassing.
Kagura: I need help from an insensitive woman like you.
Sa: I've never been so insulted while being asked for a favor.
Sa: Besides!
Sa: Is that the power of 10th place?
Sa: Is that what it takes to place 10th?
Tsukuyo: You're still upset about that?
Sa: but you girls are so pathetic that there's no threat at all.
Sa: That's where it all begins.
Tsukuyo: That's where it all begins?
Tsukuyo: More like that's where it all ends.
Sa: Lose the innocent girl act!
Sa: Don't you realize that I'm telling you to stop feeling ashamed?!
Tsukuyo: but I won't stop behaving like a proper human being.
Sa: What?!
Sa: Don't you know that Cleopatra got naked
Sa: and lotioned herself up inside a rolled-up rug for the sake of seducing the king?!
Tsukuyo: We aren't trying to seduce anyone!
Tsukuyo: We just want to give them chocolate!
Sa: Fine.
Sa: We'll do this the normal way.
Sa: Then I'll press the doorbell...
Sa: Um...
Sa: Why are you lined up behind me?
Sa: How shy are you?!
Sa: Can you stop that?!
Sa: You're making me nervous!
Sa: I'm going to press the doorbell now.
Sa: Are you ready?
Kagura: Sa-chan!
Tsukuyo: Hey! What was that?!
Sa: Actually...
Sa: Now that I think about it...
Sa: so I don't know what to say.
Tsukuyo: Didn't you just lecture me about Cleopatra?!
Sa: Sorry! I can't do it!
Sa: I feel so embarrassed!
Tsukuyo: It's too late for that now!
Tsukuyo: Isn't this your home?
Kagura: Hey!
Kagura: Why do you think I brought you with me?!
shinpachi: Where did Kagura-chan go?
GINTOKI: She ran off somewhere to take a dump.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Wasn't there someone here?
shinpachi: Was this can here earlier?
shinpachi: Whatever.
Tsukuyo: Sorry that I wasn't any help.
Sa: I appreciate it!
Otae: I'm sorry.
Otae: I suppose I shouldn't have said anything.
Kagura: Nah.
Kagura: It was fun to do girly stuff with them.
Kagura: Though it's not very me.
Kagura: It's better this way.
Otae: Kagura-chan...
Otae: You could have asked me to come along.
Otae: I have some extra chocolate for them.
Kagura: It's okay.
Kagura: I'll give them yours with the other ones.
Otae: But what about you?
Kagura: It's okay.
Kagura: I don't need to use chocolate
Kagura: to show off my planet-sized love!
Kagura: Right?
Otae: That's right.
GINTOKI: We didn't get a single one this year.
shinpachi: That's my final answer.
Kagura: There were three outside the door.
Kagura: Isn't that nice?
shinpachi: Huh?! What?!
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: From who?!
shinpachi: For who?!
GINTOKI: Get your grubby paws off them!
GINTOKI: They're obviously for me!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi...
GINTOKI: We got four this year.
shinpachi: That's my final answer.
Yamazaki: Sorry about the confusion.
Hijikata: Oh?
Hijikata: one sibling tends to be more responsible when the other is anything but.
Yamazaki: And what about Donbei?
Hijikata: He's been running around like crazy.
Hijikata: They're trying to chase him down.
Hijikata: His only option is to run to his sister.
Yamazaki: I can't say that I like the idea of using his sister as bait.
Hijikata: Do you like the idea of letting her brother run wild?
Hijikata: We'll use his sister as bait to wipe them all out.
Hijikata: Leave the dirty work to us.
Hijikata: Protect the girl.
Yamazaki: Sagaru Yamazaki's Observation Report:
Yamazaki: I've been living on anpan for an entire week now.
Yamazaki: What I'd give for a bowl of miso soup.
Yamazaki: The girl hasn't made a move yet.
Yamazaki: Sachi Narasaki.
Yamazaki: Owner of the bar Nonbei.
Yamazaki: The story is that she's a dutiful daughter
Yamazaki: who's been running her father's business by herself since he died four years ago.
Yamazaki: He regularly came to his sister for money after she took over the bar.
Yamazaki: and the terrorists who are after them.
Yamazaki: while protecting the girl.
Yamazaki: Day 8 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: but the girl hasn't made a move yet.
Yamazaki: Her customers are all regulars.
Yamazaki: Every day is the same.
Yamazaki: I can only hope that her peaceful life lasts forever.
Yamazaki: I once again munch on anpan.
Yamazaki: Day 12 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: I've just realized that it's been days since I've talked to anyone.
Yamazaki: He's gonna buy anpan and milk!
Yamazaki: but the girl hasn't made a move yet.
Yamazaki: What do I do if nothing happens?
Yamazaki: I once again munch on anpan.
Yamazaki: And then I throw it all up.
Yamazaki: Day 20 of living on anpan.
Guy: Shut up!
Yamazaki: but the girl still hasn't made a move yet.
Yamazaki: She just smiles day after day.
Yamazaki: There are more exciting ways to live.
Yamazaki: Such as harboring a fugitive younger brother.
Yamazaki: ...smash anpan against the wall.
Yamazaki: Day 22 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: Give me a break already.
Yamazaki: When is her younger brother going to show up?
Yamazaki: When will I be released from this anpan curse?
Guy: Shut up!
Yamazaki: Save me from the endless anpan!
Yamazaki: I sparking the anpan into the sky!
Yamazaki: Day 23 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: I sparking the anpan into the supermarket clerk!
Yamazaki: Day 24 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: I sparking the anpan into the convenience store clerk!
Yamazaki: Day 25 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: I sparking the anpan into the vice chief!
Yamazaki: Day 28 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: I wake up and discover that I have no memory of the past few days.
Yamazaki: the girl hasn't made a move yet.
Yamazaki: and puts the anpan above the entrance.
Yamazaki: she anpans the anpan and anpans.
Yamazaki: Day 31 of living on anpan.
Yamazaki: Who gives a damn about the mission or girl?!
Yamazaki: I refuse to take another bite of anpan!
Yamazaki: I couldn't take it anymore.
Yamazaki: I no longer cared.
Yamazaki: I headed back to the room to pack up and leave.
Yamazaki: But there I found...
Sachi: I didn't realize we were neighbors.
Sachi: You'll ruin your health if you only eat anpan.
Sachi: Here are some leftover meat and potatoes if you don't mind.
Sachi: Thank you for watching over me.
Sachi: From Nonbei.
Yamazaki: The tears wouldn't stop...
Yamazaki: I don't know when she realized I was watching her.
Yamazaki: I don't know how much she actually knew.
Yamazaki: One thing was clear...
Yamazaki: I wasn't worthy of her gratitude.
Yamazaki: Since I was ready to abandon her because of my stupid superstition...
Yamazaki: Day 3 of meat and potatoes.
Yamazaki: I woke up...
Yamazaki: ...to find myself staring at an unfamiliar ceiling.
Yamazaki: And the vice chief with a disgusted look on his face.
Hijikata: The hospital.
Yamazaki: Huh?
Yamazaki: What happened to me?
Yamazaki: What about Sachi-san? Her brother?
Yamazaki: What happened to them?
Hijikata: They got away.
Yamazaki: What?
Hijikata: They took the money and ran.
Hijikata: Yamazaki...
Hijikata: We were tricked by the girl.
Yamazaki: The siblings were working together to steal money from the Joi.
Yamazaki: so she spent an entire month acting to fool me.
Yamazaki: she used the pretense of kindness to poison me.
Hijikata: Women are damn scary.
Hijikata: Hiding under layer after layer of makeup.
Hijikata: Do we ever get a chance to see their real faces?
Hijikata: We rounded up all the ruffians who were trailing her.
Hijikata: That more than makes up for the two who got away.
Hijikata: We were able to freely move around because you were there.
Ramen: Sorry about the wait.
Yamazaki: Are you trying to make me feel better?
Yamazaki: It's not like I'm depressed or anything.
Yamazaki: I'm used to being fooled by women and failing missions.
Yamazaki: But I was hoping that...
Yamazaki: ...I could at least lose on my own terms.
Hijikata: I guess that you aren't in the mood for ramen.
Yamazaki: Can I ask for a favor?
Donbei: We have enough money to fool around for a while.
Donbei: What are you going to spend it on?
Sachi: You're such an idiot.
Sachi: Money isn't meant for fooling around.
Sachi: Money is used to earn more money.
Donbei: Come on...
Donbei: Please...
Donbei: Are your senses shot after spending all that time with that Shinsengumi failure?
Yamazaki: I'm so sorry.
Yamazaki: I'm in a hurry to get to the festival.
Donbei: Festival?
Yamazaki: Right here. The Yamazaki Spring Bread Festival.
Yamazaki: Day 63 of the Yamazaki Bread Festival.
Yamazaki: I don't.
Otae: Sure.
Otae: I happen to be a fan of baseball.
Otae: I'd be happy to accompany you.
Kondo: I knew it...
Kondo: You don't want to come with me.
Kondo: Of course...
Kondo: Happy to accompany me...
Kondo: Happy?
Kondo: Huh? What'd you just say?
Otae: I said that I'd be happy to watch the baseball game with you.
Kondo: Ho... Ho...
Kondo: Home run!
Kondo: The three Hs mean nothing.
Kondo: The only H you need is the H for the hair on your ass.
Kondo: One ass hair and constant persistence is all it takes to penetrate that giant wall.
Okita: This must be a trap.
Kondo: Shut up!
Okita: BENNIE K?
Okita: I don't listen to them.
Kondo: The rain dripping from the roof can carve a hole in stone after enough time!
Kondo: My relentless rain of love has finally spread open her tightly shut legs!
Hijikata: Your metaphors are too obscene.
Kondo: Did she say anything else?
Kondo: No.
Kondo: She'll be waiting in front of the station at one on Sunday.
Kondo: And she told me to stop following her around after this.
Kondo: And to never visit her business again.
Kondo: So that won't be needed anymore.
Okita: Isn't she telling you to completely forget about her after indulging you one last time?
Okita: His name is Pa Hayashiya.
Kondo: I will make her mine!
Kondo: I'll hit a walk-off home run and lead Otae-san back to the bench!
Hijikata: We're right in the path of the typhoon.
Hijikata: She's not gonna show.
Okita: Guess you're out of luck.
Kondo: but a gentleman is supposed to arrive early and wait for the lady.
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Kondo: Don't worry.
Kondo: The weather will improve.
Kondo: my rain of love will never falter!
Okita: There's something lodged in your arm.
Kondo: Huh?!
Hijikata: Oh.
Hijikata: Don't worry about it.
Hijikata: It's gonna drop right here.
Kondo: It really is raining spears!
Kondo: How bad is my luck?!
Kondo: I'm like a sponge for bad luck!
Kondo: The tickets!
Kondo: Wait!
Driver: It's not safe to run out into the street!
Kondo: S-Sorry...
Kondo: I'm fine.
Kondo: and I've already experienced fifty years worth of bad luck.
Yo: Check it out.
Yo: Aren't these tickets for the game today?
Kondo: Could you let me see those tickets?
Yo: Huh?
Kondo: They're probably the ones you're holding.
Kondo: Could you return them?
Yo: What?
Kondo: Okay.
Kondo: Then I'll give you something better in return.
Kondo: Is there anything you want?
Yo: Play baseball with us in the gym!
Kondo: S-Sure thing.
Kondo: I still have time.
Kondo: And it's just a bunch of kids.
Yo: Old timer!
Yo: The catcher is supposed to catch the ball!
Kondo: R-Right...
Kondo: I-I need to get going soon...
Kondo: Okay!
Kondo: Let me throw the ball next.
Kondo: Anything but battery mates with the China girl.
Kondo: Okay.
Kondo: Here it comes.
Yo: Let's do this again sometime!
Kondo: This isn't just bad luck!
Kondo: Some evil force is actively interfering with my love!
Kagura: You should go with your brother.
Kagura: Doesn't he like baseball?
Sachiko: I don't know if he'll come.
Sachiko: He hasn't left his room ever since...
Kondo: Wait!
Kagura: I didn't find them.
Kagura: Sachiko-chan did.
Kondo: Sachiko-chan!
Kondo: Those belong to me!
Kondo: I'll be in a lot of trouble without them!
Sachiko: Really?
Sachiko: I thought they were a gift from God.
Sachiko: It's too bad.
Sachiko: Make sure you don't drop them again.
Kondo: Th-Thank you...
Kagura: Are you sure?
Kagura: This could be a chance to get your brother to go outside!
Sachiko: Anything baseball would be like salt on an old wound.
Sachiko: My brother used to love baseball so much.
Sachiko: He would always play catch with our father by the river.
Sachiko: I loved to watch them.
Sachiko: and our father went after it.
Sachiko: He hasn't...
Sachiko: ...come home since.
Sachiko: How far did our father go chasing after it?
Sachiko: My brother's been waiting for him to come back with the ball.
Kagura: Sachiko-chan!
Kagura: Are you sure?
Kagura: Are you really sure about this?
Brother: What would you know?!
Sachiko: Brother!
Kondo: Y-Yes...
Kondo: That's right...
Kondo: Stop throwing balls into the past.
Kondo: Baseballs are meant to be thrown forward!
Kondo: I could feel your ball touch my heart!
Kondo: I'm sure your old man felt the same way!
Sachiko: Thank you for helping my brother come outside!
Brother: I'm going to use my full strength!
Kondo: Huh?
Brother: I want you to feel my true strength!
Brother: Here I go!
Kondo: Wait a second!
Both: Thank you very much!
Kondo: Why is everyone interfering with my love?
Kondo: It's like the heavens are trying to keep me away from Otae-san!
Kondo: But I refuse to give up!
Kondo: I can still hit a walk-off home run!
Brother: You found our father?!
Brother: Wasn't he dead?
Brother: He's lost his memory?!
Brother: Is there anything you can do?!
Brother: Something to help him remember?
Brother: There isn't anything to...
Father: What is this burning passion in my chest?!
Brother: Father!
Brother: Your memory's back!
Father: Yeah.
Father: I remembered everything by playing catch.
Sachiko: Father!
Father: Is there any way to thank you?
Kondo: The three of you should go enjoy the game.
Sachiko: Those are...
Kondo: It's okay.
Kondo: Have fun in my place.
Brother: Thank you very much!
Brother: We'll return the favor one day!
Kagura: Are you sure?
Kondo: I guess that Otae-san and I aren't meant to be together in this lifetime.
Kondo: that was the conclusion I reached.
Kondo: I wonder if Otae-san is waiting for me.
Kondo: Of course not.
Hijikata: Kondo-san.
Kondo: Toshi?
Hijikata: Sorry it's not your girl.
Kondo: I'm devoting myself to the sword.
Hijikata: I see.
Hijikata: but we have a problem on our hands.
Hijikata: A meteorite is approaching Edo.
Kondo: Huh?
Hijikata: It's nothing serious.
Hijikata: The meteorite's the size of a baseball.
Kondo: What?!
Hijikata: We'll have to issue an evacuation order.
Hijikata: but you better stay away from the dome.
Hijikata: Huh?
Hijikata: Kondo-san?
Hijikata: Kondo-san?!
Kondo: I just know it!
Kondo: The meteorite is headed right for Otae-san!
Kondo: fate is going after Otae-san now!
Otae: Huh?
Otae: Is it coming...
Otae: ...for me?
Kondo: No.
Kondo: Kondo will pinch hit for you.
Otae: Kondo-san...
Sachiko: Mister!
Sachiko: We've got you covered!
Father: I'll catch it if you miss!
Kondo: I'm not interested in going to heaven.
Kondo: I live for love...
Kondo: To protect my loved ones...
Kondo: I live as a samurai!
Kondo: Here's a walk-off home run!
Otae: I'm walking off.
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: so call her a sandwich board
GINTOKI: Listen to me.
GINTOKI: You can putty up a Zaku \Nas much as you want.
GINTOKI: It's never going to become a Gundam.
GINTOKI: Fix your data.
Tama: Understood.
Tama: Master Gintoki can never \Nbe like Hiro Mizushima.
Tama: Gajiro Sato is the best he can manage.
GINTOKI: What's with the cruel gap \Nin wavy hair characters?
Catherine: I'm back.
Catherine: Sorry I took so long.
Catherine: There was an elderly person
Catherine: Please deduct it from my wages.
GINTOKI: Z-ZZZ Gundam has returned!
Tama: Didn't I explain this to you?
GINTOKI: Explain what?!
GINTOKI: Her physique is completely different!
GINTOKI: You can't pin this on an \Nidiosyncratic animator!
Catherine: Welcome.
Catherine: Enjoy yourself.
GINTOKI: Even her personality has been Newtype'd!
GINTOKI: Why is she so polite now?!
GINTOKI: Love can't change a girl this much!
Catherine: You all know?
Catherine: I'm sorry.
Catherine: I planned to tell you
Otose: Everything was settled?
Catherine: ...in a relationship with
shinpachi: Suejiro Suemoto-san.
shinpachi: A regular at Otose-san's place.
shinpachi: That's how he got to know Catherine-san.
shinpachi: He's an up-and-coming entrepreneur
shinpachi: with considerable influence.
Kagura: Hmm...
Kagura: There are some real weirdos out there.
shinpachi: People have always sucked up
shinpachi: so Catherine-san was like \Na breath of fresh air.
GINTOKI: Wait a second.
GINTOKI: Is this the right show?
GINTOKI: Who wants to see them \Nfawn over each other?
shinpachi: That would be the grown-up response.
GINTOKI: Hah!
GINTOKI: Grown-up!
GINTOKI: So sorry!
shinpachi: since Catherine-san has \Ndoubled her clientele.
shinpachi: And Suejiro-san seems \Nlike a nice person.
shinpachi: so he isn't going to tell \Nher to stop working.
Kagura: Hmph!
Kagura: Make sure you don't fall
Kagura: You never know when she's gonna
shinpachi: He lost all of his assets
shinpachi: So he was saying that he can
Kagura: So he wants to call it off?
Kagura: Just goes to show that he's a man with
shinpachi: But Catherine-san refused.
shinpachi: She said that she would support him.
Kagura: Huh?
shinpachi: Suejiro-san has a piece \Nof property left that
shinpachi: He's going to open a new business there.
shinpachi: With Catherine-san.
Kagura: So what?
Kagura: That thief who showed up in
Kagura: is finally leaving in episode 206?
shinpachi: but I'm sure that she'll be the first
Tama: Master Gintoki.
Tama: There is an emergency.
Tama: Could you come see Ms. \NOtose immediately?
GINTOKI: Could you leave immediately?
Tama: I will take over here.
GINTOKI: Take over what?
Tama: Go see Ms. Otose now.
Tama: I have retrieved the appropriate data.
GINTOKI: Chocolate.
GINTOKI: And make sure it doesn't \Nfall off the cone.
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: What's going on?
shinpachi: She probably wants to talk about
Kagura: -Gin-chan!\N-Gin-San!
Suejiro: Catherine!
Suejiro: Are you okay?!
Suejiro: What was that for?!
Suejiro: Otose-san!
Otose: I won't object or try to stop you.
Otose: But I can't stand
Otose: and can't keep their feet on the ground.
Suejiro: You can call me whatever you want!
Suejiro: But are you really saying that
Catherine: Otose-san...
Suejiro: Catherine!
Catherine: I've been saving up money
Catherine: I wanted to create a place
Catherine: I wanted to become a \Nselfless person like you...
Otose: I was wondering how you could
Otose: That explains it.
Catherine: Don't say that!
Suejiro: I just want to work together \Nfor our future...!
Otose: You don't need permission from me.
Otose: Or is there more?
Otose: You came here because you wanted to
shinpachi: Otose-san!
shinpachi: That's crossing the line...
Catherine: Always...
Catherine: I always thought of you as my mother...
Catherine: I don't need your permission!
Catherine: And I'm never coming back to see you!
Catherine: Roll over and die!
Otose: That's nice.
Otose: I feel a lot better knowing that I won't
Catherine: I'm not finished with you...
Otose: I'll give you that instead of money.
Otose: You can display it in your bar.
Otose: It'll be the perfect place to display
Catherine: You old hag!
Catherine: I'll make you eat your words!
Catherine: I'll start up a bar that beats
Catherine: I'll become bigger than you ever will!
Catherine: Goddamn!
Suejiro: Catherine!
Suejiro: Catherine!
shinpachi: Catherine-san!
Suejiro: Catherine!
shinpachi: Write us a letter once \Nyou're settled down.
shinpachi: And invite us over \Nonce your bar is open.
shinpachi: We'll all come to visit.
Tama: Let me know if anything comes up.
Tama: I will be right there.
Catherine: Thank you very much.
shinpachi: Sorry that this isn't \Nmuch of a send-off...
shinpachi: Where did Gin-san run off to this time?
shinpachi: You should say goodbye.
Kagura: Don't come back!
Kagura: But if it's too much to take...
Kagura: you can come back after \Nraking him for alimony.
Kagura: You'll be more than welcome then.
Catherine: Please take care...
Catherine: I'll be going then.
Catherine: Suejiro-san is waiting for me.
Catherine: Please take care of...
Catherine: ...Otose-san for me.
Otose: Didn't you read the sign?
Otose: We're closed today.
GINTOKI: Really?
GINTOKI: Guess you don't have a choice
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: I'm not here for a drink.
GINTOKI: I'm here to do the pouring.
Otose: I never knew.
Otose: I felt so bad for her
Otose: that I let her stay at my bar.
Otose: But she kept wandering off.
Otose: Couldn't really blame her
Otose: I never knew she actually \Nhad a plan for her future...
GINTOKI: You didn't like the guy?
Otose: I should be grateful
Otose: I understand that she \Ncan't exactly be choosy.
Otose: Your daughter can bring \Nhome the perfect man
Otose: and you'll still be able \Nto find something wrong.
Otose: when I know she's going to suffer.
Otose: That was the best I could manage.
Otose: I feel bad.
Otose: So this is how it ends.
GINTOKI: you should go have a drink.
Machine: Please remove your card.
Catherine: Don't touch that!
Otose: You can display it in your bar.
Otose: The perfect place to display \Na cheap bottle of alcohol.
Catherine: Otose-san...
Catherine: You were giving me a push in the back...
Catherine: I have no place to display \Nthis wonderful bottle...
Madao: So yeah.
Madao: She wouldn't tell me
Madao: She kept saying that she
Madao: since she just ran off.
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san...
GINTOKI: Were your parents happy \Nwhen you got married?
Madao: Where did that come from?
Madao: I married into money.
Madao: So my whole family was thrilled.
GINTOKI: I see...
GINTOKI: That's what matters in the end.
Madao: Wh-What?!
Madao: Gin-san!
Madao: Look at that!
Madao: What?
Madao: Huh?
Loan: You actually got the money.
Loan: I knew you could do it.
Loan: You just have to trick a few women
Suejiro: and she completely fell for it.
Suejiro: Stupid woman.
Suejiro: Why would I waste my \Ntime on that old lady?
Suejiro: I could barely stand \Nwalking next to her.
Loan: I don't know how you \Ncame up with the idea
Loan: of pretending to go broke \Nafter you were a couple.
Suejiro: Most women will do anything for money.
Suejiro: But there are a few exceptions
Suejiro: who have a weakness for the penniless.
Loan: You're starting to look \Npretty evil yourself.
Loan: Wh-What's that?!
Loan: Wh-What?!
Loan: Which gang is it?!
Suejiro: You're the man who was at Otose's bar!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: You guys aren't evil.
GINTOKI: You just stole money from a woman
GINTOKI: You fooled her into thinking you
GINTOKI: That doesn't make you evil.
GINTOKI: I'll show you what true evil looks like.
Otose: Do you have a moment?
Otose: I feel like having a drink.
Otose: Are you open?
Otose: That's a relief.
Otose: I didn't think anyone
Otose: Just give me one shot \Nof your cheapest booze.
Otose: This is a nice place.
Otose: But I have one complaint.
Otose: Nobody cries while pouring a drink.
Otose: You have to have a smile \Non your face at all times.
Otose: Even if the customer is crying.
shinpachi: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: I brought a little present...
GINTOKI: The drinks...
GINTOKI: ...are on me.
Sa: It's like a dream come true!
Sa: I'll pretend like these \Nglasses are Gin-san
Sa: Next time:
Sa: Glasses are part of the soul!
Sa: Don't worry about it.
Sa: It's just that they were \Nfrom my late grandmother...
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: But...
shinpachi: You should probably buy a new pair.
Sa: Yes?
Kagura: But you're crying.
Sa: I-I'm not!
Sa: It's just that a piece \Nof lens got in my eye.
Kagura: You should go to the hospital.
shinpachi: Want me to take you there?
Sa: It's okay!
Sa: Don't worry about it!
Kagura: Just ignore those guys.
Kagura: I'll take you to the hospital.
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: Something's wrong with this situation!
GINTOKI: Why is it all awkward \Nlike I accidentally hit
GINTOKI: It was clearly her fault!
GINTOKI: She basically moved her face
Sa: It's been so long since
Sa: I'm sorry!
Sa: I'll be leaving then!
shinpachi: Ah! Sa-chan-san!
GINTOKI: Wh-Why are you looking at me?
GINTOKI: What are you trying to say?
Sa: They're all so lovely!
Sa: Which one should I pick?
Sa: It's like a dream come true!
Sa: Gin-san buying a pair \Nof glasses for me...
Sa: I won't let your death be for nothing!
Sa: Which should I pick?
Sa: Maybe I should ask \NGin-san to pick for me?!
GINTOKI: How about one of the pairs \Nin that clearance bin?
Sa: I can't see a thing.
Sa: Do they fit?
Sa: How do I look?
GINTOKI: You look perfect.
GINTOKI: Like you were born wearing those.
GINTOKI: What the hell are engagement glasses?
GINTOKI: I've never heard of those!
GINTOKI: haven't we met before?
GINTOKI: That doesn't mean a damn thing!
Sa: I don't know how to show
Sa: I've never received such a \Nwonderful and stinky present.
GINTOKI: Glad to hear it.
GINTOKI: so just use those for the time being.
GINTOKI: Huh?
Sa: Grandma would yell at me \Nfor clinging to the past.
Sa: Goodbye...
Sa: Grandma's glasses which \Nwere stepped on by Dad
Sa: who stepped on the poop \Nof a dog whose owner
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: That doesn't mean a damn thing?!
Sa: I'll think of these glasses \Nas you and never let them go!
Sa: I'll treasure them forever!
GINTOKI: Oh well.
Sa: Open wide!
GINTOKI: Put on the damn glasses!
GINTOKI: The hell are you doing \Nwith those glasses?!
GINTOKI: Why are you going on a date and going \Nall the way with a pair of glasses?!
GINTOKI: Who the hell is Glassin-san?!
Sa: I was planning on putting \Non Glassin-san right away.
Sa: I'm going to p-put...
Sa: It's too embarrassing!
GINTOKI: Why are you making the act of
Sa: But they're like another you!
Sa: The two of us become one!
GINTOKI: How can you turn the act of putting
GINTOKI: And those are like another random
GINTOKI: Here you go.
GINTOKI: I got your glasses fixed.
GINTOKI: Just throw away that filthy pair.
GINTOKI: Now listen to me.
GINTOKI: never sneak into our house again.
Sa: I refuse.
Sa: How can you come slinking back
Sa: I...
Sa: I'm devoted to Glassin-san!
Sa: I want Glassin-san!
Sa: It has to be Glassin-san!
Sa: I can't even imagine wearing \Nanother pair of glasses.
Sa: Don't treat me like one of those
GINTOKI: The hell is a loose-eared slut?
GINTOKI: I got these fixed because \Nyou kept complaining.
GINTOKI: That's dangerous.
Sa: Leave Glassin-san and me alone!
Sa: It's too...
Sa: It's too late to try \Nto be nice to me now!
GINTOKI: What's up with this conversation?
GINTOKI: Why does it sound like a love triangle?!
Sa: Never show your face around \NGlassin-san and me again!
shinpachi: I'll buy you a drink.
GINTOKI: What's going on?
GINTOKI: Why do I feel like I was just dumped?
GINTOKI: Hey! Is this country full of idiots?!
Sa: The target?
Sa: I'm willing to get my hands \Nbloody to save others...
Yoneda: Come closer.
Yoneda: I have a question to ask \Nyou before we begin.
Yoneda: Who is she?
Echimoya: Intruders!
Men: Damn intruders!
Men: Cut 'em all down!
Sa: I'll act as a decoy.
Sa: Don't you understand?
Sa: I can't unleash my \Nstrength with you around!
Sa: Now hurry!
Sa: Escape!
Zenzo: Switch glasses.
Zenzo: I heard that you're not getting \Nany assassination work.
Zenzo: but you can't fool me.
Sa: Th-That's not true.
Zenzo: Can you see what I'm doing right now?
Sa: What?
Zenzo: No.
Zenzo: I'm applying Preparation \NH in front of your face...
Zenzo: I-Impressive...
Zenzo: You're using your mastery of your other
Zenzo: You were able to become a member of
Zenzo: but those custom-made Iga \Nglasses also played a role...
Zenzo: Why are you wearing those glasses?
Zenzo: You should know very well that \Nthis world isn't a playground.
Sa: It's none of your business.
Sa: If I decide to wear these glasses...
Sa: If I can't find any work...
Zenzo: If only it were that simple.
Zenzo: The former head assassins \Nare acting suspiciously.
Zenzo: The Assassins of Assassins Squad!
Zenzo: The Lethal Punishers!
Sa: P-Punishment?!
Sa: Does it involve whips and candles \Nand things of that nature?!
Zenzo: Why are you getting excited?
Zenzo: These assassins are trained \Nto kill assassins.
Zenzo: Do you stand a chance \Nwith those glasses on?
Zenzo: it'll make the rest of the \Nformer Oniwabanshu look bad.
Zenzo: Try to avoid that.
Sa: These were the first...
Sa: The first present from Gin-san...
Sa: But I'm not allowed to wear them.
Sa: I see that nobody ever \Ntaught you any manners.
Sa: A gentleman would
Sa: I see.
Sa: How kind of you.
Sa: So what do you do...
Sa: ...when the woman happens to be \Nyour target for assassination?!
Sa: Say...
Sa: Would you let me put on my glasses?
Zenzo: Fool...
Zenzo: I told you not to die a dog's death.
shinpachi: Why did this happen to Sa-chan-san?
Zenzo: Look at these.
Zenzo: She kept wearing these glasses
Zenzo: she was still holding those glasses.
Zenzo: I don't care how happy they made her.
Zenzo: She's a fool.
Zenzo: Can you dispose of those?
Zenzo: They'll find this place very soon.
Zenzo: She won't stand a chance \Nif those are still around.
Zenzo: that's the end of that.
Kagura: You're going to leave \NSa-chan all alone here?!
Zenzo: I'm sure that's what she wants.
Sa: I'm...
Sa: I'm sorry...
Sa: They were a present from Gin-san.
Sa: I promised to treasure them.
Sa: I'm sorry I broke my promise.
Kagura: Sa-chan...
GINTOKI: You don't need to see a thing right now.
GINTOKI: Don't need to see a thing.
GINTOKI: there won't be any \Ncracks in your vision.
shinpachi: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: Can't help it.
GINTOKI: I'm the one who broke her glasses.
GINTOKI: The Assassins of Assassins \Nof Assassins Squad!
GINTOKI: Lethal Odd Jobs is moving out!
Zenzo: The hell are you doing in my house?!
Zenzo: Why are you sneaking \Ninto my house in the
Zenzo: And turn off the damn music!
Zenzo: It's bothering the neighbors!
Zenzo: What is this?
GINTOKI: So we were making a little snack.
Zenzo: Wait up. This is my house.
Zenzo: My fried rice!
Kagura: Don't worry!
Kagura: We made enough for you!
Zenzo: That's not the issue here!
Zenzo: I'm asking why you're in my house!
Zenzo: Don't tell me you actually \Ncame here to make fried ri--
GINTOKI: Over there.
GINTOKI: Just set her down there.
Zenzo: Why did you bring Sarutobi here?
shinpachi: but we don't want to \Nfight in a hospital.
shinpachi: So we were trying to find a good place.
Zenzo: I'm rich and own a big house.
Zenzo: so nobody else will be inconvenienced.
Zenzo: That's the logic you used.
Zenzo: What kind of logic is that?!
GINTOKI: We're just borrowing your place.
GINTOKI: It won't take long.
GINTOKI: We're just gonna kill \Nfour or five assassins.
Zenzo: You're going to turn my \Nhouse into a murder scene?!
Zenzo: I don't want blood and \Ninnards all over my room!
Zenzo: I'm actually a clean freak!
Kagura: That's why you're still single.
Kagura: Women can't stand men who are perfect.
Kagura: The ideal would be a man \Nwhose room is a little messy.
Zenzo: Hey! That's way too big of a mess!
Zenzo: Wait!
GINTOKI: How about the ceiling?
Zenzo: Hey!
Zenzo: I'm seriously gonna kill you!
Zenzo: I'll assassinate your ass \Nbefore the assassins get here!
Kagura: I'll wait here.
Zenzo: Wait! I got it!
Zenzo: I got it so stop!
Zenzo: I'll help!
Zenzo: I'll give you a hand!
Zenzo: So stop destroying my house!
Zenzo: Hattori here.
Zenzo: I'm right above Sarutobi.
Zenzo: Is everybody in position?
GINTOKI: No problem. Everything's fine.
shinpachi: It's really hot.
Kagura: Are you sure about this?
Zenzo: We're up against professional killers.
Zenzo: They know that Sarutobi and \Nthe rest of you are here.
Zenzo: so we can use that to our advantage.
Zenzo: I left the entrance to the room where \NSarutobi is completely unguarded.
Zenzo: So they won't come from that direction.
Zenzo: It's clearly a trap.
Zenzo: They'll circle around.
Zenzo: Be ready to react if they \Ncome through the front.
Zenzo: Don't let your guard down.
Zenzo: And don't destroy my house.
Zenzo: Got it?
shinpachi: Roger.
GINTOKI: Yeah.
Zenzo: Huh?
Zenzo: Wait a second.
Zenzo: Was someone asleep?
Zenzo: Someone sounded asleep!
Zenzo: I'm calling roll again.
shinpachi: Roger.
Zenzo: Hey!
Zenzo: Somebody ran off to Don Quijote!
Zenzo: Don't give me that crap!
Zenzo: I'm trying to help here!
shinpachi: Roger.
GINTOKI: Help me put Kagura on Sadaharu's back.
Zenzo: You all went to Don Quijote!
Zenzo: Wait a second!
Zenzo: One of you is asleep in Don Quijote?!
Zenzo: The hell is going on?!\NWhy did they all ditch me?!
Zenzo: They could have invited me along!
Zenzo: Not that I wanted to go!
Zenzo: Could you buy some Preparation H?
Zenzo: I'm out. The suppository type.
Zenzo: Hello?
Zenzo: Do you read me?
Zenzo: Stop lying!
Zenzo: Don't pretend to be asleep!
Zenzo: Even the dog was \Npretending to be asleep!
Zenzo: The bastards are toying with me.
Zenzo: I'm pissed!
Zenzo: Screw this!
Zenzo: I've had enough!
Zenzo: This sensation...
Zenzo: Someone's here.
Zenzo: Two on the roof.
Zenzo: One inside.
Zenzo: And in the yard...
Zenzo: Th-They're here...
Zenzo: The hell are they doing?!
Zenzo: Hurry!
Zenzo: Hurry back!
Zenzo: Next time:
Zenzo: Glasses prevent you from \Nseeing certain things.
Zenzo: Sarutobi's completely helpless right now!
Zenzo: I can't hold them off for long!
Zenzo: I repeat!
Zenzo: Get back to the house!
shinpachi: What?
GINTOKI: {\i1}Hold on.{\i0}
Zenzo: {\i1}The situation has changed!{\i0}
GINTOKI: Screw that!
GINTOKI: I'm buying your damn Preparation H!
Zenzo: {\i1}It won't be my ass that's \Nbleeding all over the place!{\i0}
Zenzo: Damn...
Zenzo: My plan has been ruined by these fools.
Zenzo: Do you read me?
Zenzo: Zenzo here.
Kagura: {\i1}Who's there?!{\i0}
Kagura: {\i1}Who are...{\i0}
Zenzo: Did something happe--
Zenzo: It can't be...
Zenzo: China girl!
Kagura: {\i1}Are... Are...{\i0}
Kagura: {\i1}Are you using SECOM?{\i0}
Zenzo: What kind of dream is that?!
Zenzo: Why do you sound like a commercial \Nfor a private security company?!
Zenzo: And why are you asleep again?
Kagura: It's too late for us kiddies \Nand doggies to be up...
Zenzo: Don't fall asleep!
Zenzo: Wake up!
Zenzo: Do you want to die with Sarutobi?!
Kagura: I get it.
Kagura: I'll keep my eyes open and stand watch.
Zenzo: You think you can fool me with that?!
Zenzo: Why are you sleeping next to Sarutobi?!
Zenzo: Idiot!
Zenzo: I'll have to go wake her up.
Zenzo: H-Here he comes...
Zenzo: At the worst possible time!
Zenzo: A-A bomb!
Zenzo: Hey! Wake up!
Zenzo: Run away!
Zenzo: {\i1}A bomb...{\i0}
Kagura: Shut up!
Zenzo: What?!
Zenzo: Are you an idiot?!
Zenzo: This isn't the time to be sleeping!
Zenzo: Wake up!
Masa: Hmph.
Masa: I-It's so heavy!
Masa: The pillow won't budge!
Masa: What's wrong with this girl?!
Masa: It's like her head is made out of lead!
Zenzo: He insists on killing people by swapping
Masa: Don't take me lightly!
Masa: I've disposed of many traitors \Nby swapping their pillows!
Masa: I won't let this little girl...
Masa: Won't let this little girl...!
Masa: Got it!
Masa: How sleepy can you be?!
Masa: Let go of your damn pillow!
Masa: There!
Masa: good night.
Zenzo: This is bad!
Masa: Huh?
Kagura: I use SECOM...
Zenzo: Hey!
Zenzo: How can your sleeping be so violent?!
shinpachi: {\i1}Do you read me?{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}Shimura here.{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}I just heard an explosion in the yard.{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}Is everything okay?{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}Over!{\i0}
Zenzo: but one of them was taken out.
shinpachi: {\i1}Huh?!{\i0}
Zenzo: There are still four left.
Zenzo: I'll move Sarutobi. We can meet somewhere else.
Zenzo: Where are you?
shinpachi: {\i1}but I got separated from Gin-san.{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}I'm trying to find everyone \Nfrom a high place.{\i0}
Zenzo: High place?!
Zenzo: You idiot!
Zenzo: The enemy's gonna spot you!
shinpachi: {\i1}What am I supposed to do then?{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}There we go!{\i0}
shinpachi: {\i1}I can see you!{\i0}
shinpachi: I'm up here!
shinpachi: I bought a few t-shirts.
shinpachi: Would you like to change into one?
Zenzo: Behind you!
shinpachi: Wh-Who are you?!
Tatsu: T-Shirt Tatsu.
Tatsu: An assassin who specializes in t-shirts.
Tatsu: He makes sure that his target \Nis permanently too tight
Tatsu: by swapping the target's \Nmedium-sized t-shirt for his own
Tatsu: small-sized t-shirt in the blink of an eye.
shinpachi: What the hell is an assassin \Nwho specializes in t-shirts?!
Tatsu: He is very proud of his t-shirts
shinpachi: You're not even an assassin!
Tatsu: and is a big fan of artistic t-shirts.
shinpachi: You're just an old man in a t-shirt!
Tatsu: Strip.
Tatsu: Shut up and strip!
shinpachi: Wait! Let me go!
Zenzo: It's creeping me out!
Zenzo: The hell are you people doing?!
Zenzo: Who cares about a t-shirt?!
Tatsu: It's so heavy!
Tatsu: I can't take off his t-shirt!
Tatsu: Is this a large instead of a medium?!
Zenzo: Is there really that much of a difference?!
Tatsu: Don't take me lightly!
Tatsu: I've put on many tight t-shirts
Tatsu: I won't let this large-sized t-shirt...
Tatsu: Won't let this large-sized t-shirt...!
Tatsu: Got it!
Tatsu: He was wearing a small t-shirt to begin with!
Zenzo: Who gives a damn?!
shinpachi: Sorry about this.
Tatsu: You should have told me that \Nyou were wearing a small.
Zenzo: What's going on?
Zenzo: Why are small ones acceptable?
Zenzo: What do you have against medium t-shirts?!
shinpachi: You can have them if you'd like.
Zenzo: What? I can try them on?
Zenzo: What are you doing?! Do your job!
Zenzo: Aren't you a Punisher?!
Zenzo: Did you come here to try on t-shirts?!
Tatsu: Whee! T-shirts are meant to be small!
Tatsu: It feels so good to have the cloth \Npulled tightly across your skin!
Tatsu: Huh? This shirt is bigger than I expected.
Tatsu: You tricked me!
Zenzo: Why?!
Zenzo: Why would he die because \Nhe put on a large t-shirt?!
Zenzo: What's the story here?!
shinpachi: I feel kinda bad.
Zenzo: Three?
Zenzo: Did this guy even count?
GINTOKI: {\i1}Sakata here.{\i0}
GINTOKI: {\i1}I just heard a small-sized t-shirt \Nbeing ripped apart in the yard.{\i0}
GINTOKI: {\i1}Is everything okay? Over.{\i0}
Zenzo: How could you hear that?!
Zenzo: Is everything okay with your ears?!
shinpachi: I was worried.
GINTOKI: So I was digging through the \Nfridge for something cold.
GINTOKI: I found some Chuuberts.
Zenzo: Don't you people have any sense of danger?!
Zenzo: Why are you changing into t-shirts \Nand looking around for snacks
Zenzo: And those Chuuberts are mine!
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid!
GINTOKI: I risked my life to grab these
GINTOKI: They're mine!
Zenzo: I was saving those for later!
Zenzo: I'm never gonna let you have the grape one!
Zenzo: Why are you back awake like \Nnothing ever happened?
Zenzo: How did a Chuubert wake up someone
Kagura: I want soda.
GINTOKI: I want grape.
shinpachi: I'll take soda then.
Kagura: See? It worked out perfectly.
Sa: G-Grape...
GINTOKI: She seems to be having a nightmare.
Zenzo: Let's break them in half then.
Sa: Grape!
Ga: That's my choice...
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: Why are you making requests while
GINTOKI: Whose fault do you think this mess is?
shinpachi: Gin-san!  You shouldn't do \Nthat to someone who's injured!
GINTOKI: She's obviously awake!
GINTOKI: She's only pretending to be asleep!
Kagura: Not much we can do.
Zenzo: Don't be ridiculous!
Zenzo: The soda people should join in then!
Zenzo: I'd rather have a soda than the knobs!
Kagura: No way!
Kagura: This is a problem for the grape people!
Kagura: Don't drag the soda people into this!
shinpachi: I'm fine with grape or soda.
Sa: Th-Then Pachi-boy gets left out...
shinpachi: How can you say such terrible things while
shinpachi: Gin-san! She's obviously awake!
GINTOKI: Then the loser gets both the knobs.
All: Okay!
GINTOKI: First comes rock!
shinpachi: Huh? Hold on.
shinpachi: Uh...
shinpachi: Don't these Chuuberts look a little strange?
Zenzo: How?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: They don't have any knobs?
All: Ah...
Chu: The Chuubert Chu Brothers!
Chu: Refer to the caption for the \Nrest of our introduction!
GINTOKI: Don't bother coming up with an intro \Nif you're too lazy to give it!
Chu: How unfortunate!
Chu: We switched the longer parts \Nfor the shorter parts!
Chu: The shorter end is perfect for you fools!
Chu: You get to experience the anguish
Chu: Even though you aren't little brothers!
Chu: The souls of our comrades will rest easy now!
Chu: Let us return home and celebrate \Nwith the longer parts of Chuuberts!
Chu: This BGM is...
Chu: There are others who are \Nable to use this BGM?!
Chu: Brother!
Chu: Th-There are Chuuberts...!
Chu: Chuuberts in our asses!
Chu: Y-You bastards!
Zenzo: Give back...
GINTOKI: ...the longer Chuubert parts.
Chu: S-Spare us!
Chu: We already ate them!
Chu: Stupid brother!
Chu: H-Hold on!
Chu: We'll buy new ones for you!
Chu: Promise!
Chu: Please spare our lives!
Chu: Please! We'll buy as many as you want!
Chu: How many longer parts do you want?
Chu: Wait! Wait!
GINTOKI: Yo.
Zenzo: We punished your Punishers.
GINTOKI: Four weak-ass Punishers.
GINTOKI: They need a special crash \Ncourse on the art of killing.
GINTOKI: Work 'em to the bone.
GINTOKI: Take this message to your superiors.
GINTOKI: they better send every killer they got.
Boss: Don't worry.
Boss: I already let them know.
Boss: I knew that killing the top assassin
GINTOKI: Give me a break!
GINTOKI: It was just a joke!
GINTOKI: A little killer of a joke!
GINTOKI: You don't have to be so serious!
GINTOKI: Everybody's dismissed!
GINTOKI: Good work!
GINTOKI: Sorry about the mix-up!
GINTOKI: I'm apologizing!
Zenzo: Hey! What do you think you're doing?!
Zenzo: This is all because you got too cocky!
GINTOKI: That's because I thought it was \Nsafe to start playing it cool!
Zenzo: Don't give me that shit!
Zenzo: I was coerced into helping these people!
Zenzo: Keep them and let me go!
Kagura: Bring it on!
GINTOKI: Why are you making it sound like \NI'm the only one who's gonna die?!
GINTOKI: You can live on inside me!
GINTOKI: We aren't friends!
GINTOKI: We're total strangers!
GINTOKI: We have nothing to do with her!
Boss: But your crime was to \Nsuccumb to your weakness.
Boss: We don't need weak assassins.
Boss: I have cut down many evil villains with
Boss: this very blade to protect \NEdo from the shadows.
Boss: I cannot allow my blade to falter
Boss: And your failure to protect \Nyour own comrades!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
Zenzo: What?!
Sa: echoing the impermanence of all things.
Sa: The color of the flowers on the sal tree...
Sa: Only the evil practice certain death.
Sa: I won't let you lay a finger on these people.
Sa: Or I'm not Sa-chan the Assassin.
shinpachi: Sa-chan-san!
Boss: I was ready to grant you
Boss: You intend to resist us \Nin your current state?
Boss: I'm sure that you've already seen
Sa: since I have poor eyesight.
Sa: But...
Sa: I can see clearly now.
Sa: How I was a fool.
Sa: How kind everyone has been.
Sa: How Zenzo's hemorrhoids are getting worse.
Zenzo: What?
Sa: And I now see what it is \Nthat I must truly treasure.
Sa: I can see everything
Sa: without wearing these.
GINTOKI: Come on...
GINTOKI: That was harsh.
GINTOKI: Those glasses were a present.
Sa: I'm still wearing...
Sa: ...the glasses you and everyone else gave me.
Sa: I'm wearing the wonderful glasses \Nwhich let me see your souls...
Sa: ...on the inside.
Sa: Who are you again?
Zenzo: You just had to turn me \Ninto the butt of a joke!
Sa: I promise to treasure \Nthe glasses you gave me.
Boss: What difference will a \Nnew pair of glasses make?
Boss: You don't need glasses to see...
Boss: ...that imminent death approaches.
Boss: your death is assured!
Boss: Stand firm!
Boss: Attack her glasses from behind!
Boss: Aim for her glasses!
Voice: Three enemies approaching at \Nseven meters from the left rear.
Voice: They will attack after the \Nscene change. Prepare yourself.
Sa: I can see! I can see! I can see!
Sa: I feel like my entire \Nbody is wearing glasses!
Sa: I can see everything!
shinpachi: Show them the power of a glasses girl!
Zenzo: The power of the Oniwaban!
GINTOKI: The power of Sa-chan the Assassin!
Both: Give it to them!
Sa: The Glasses School of Ninjutsu!
Sa: Ultimate technique!
Sa: Take this!
Sa: Flight of the Hundred Glasses!
Boss: You were able to accurately \Nplace glasses of the
Boss: Y-You are Edo's greatest glasses gi--
Boss: Assassin...
Kagura: You did it!
shinpachi: You've finally mastered the
Zenzo: What is this Glasses School?
Zenzo: I'm the only one who doesn't know it?
Zenzo: You've all heard of it?
GINTOKI: You can tell that those glasses \Nwere made by old Gengai.
GINTOKI: They're not bad.
Zenzo: Are those even glasses?
Zenzo: Wouldn't they be considered a weapon?
GINTOKI: I should ask him to make me a pair of glasses
Sa: Thank you.
Sa: I couldn't have done it \Nwithout everybody's help.
GINTOKI: I'm scared that you'll start shooting beams.
Sa: It's a marvel.
Sa: The world looks so beautiful \Nthrough these glasses.
Sa: Take Zenzo's drab house.
Sa: It looks so flashy that it's almost on fire.
Zenzo: It really is on fire!
Zenzo: You're shooting beams!
Zenzo: The hell are you doing?!
Sa: It must be because these glasses \Nwere a present from all of you.
Sa: How wonderful.
Sa: I'm going to treasure them.
Sa: Thank you so much!
Zenzo: Wait!
Zenzo: Don't walk around my home \Nwith those glasses on!
shinpachi: it seems that glasses
Kagura: Hmm?
Kagura: Why's that?
shinpachi: Because you can't regift them.
GINTOKI: How about a shot of beams for Shinpachi?
Kagura: Who exactly benefited from this?
Katsura: Is this the end?
Katsura: we should finish this like warriors
Katsura: and cut open our bellies.
GINTOKI: Don't be a fool.
GINTOKI: Stand.
GINTOKI: why not live a pretty life to the very end?
Katsura: It's not Zura.
Katsura: It's Katsura.
Katsura: The man's silver hair was lined with blood.
Katsura: He tore across the battlefield...
Katsura: ...like a Yaksha.
Tendo: This blessed land
Tendo: should not be wasted on those barbaric apes!
Sakamoto: Charge!
Takasugi: Kiheitai! Follow my lead!
Sakamoto: You just charged in by yourself.
Sakamoto: You crazy in the head?
Katsura: You shouldn't be talking.
Sakamoto: Got that right.
Takasugi: Here.
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: I don't need your help!
Sakamoto: I've made up my mind.
Sakamoto: I'm going into space.
Sakamoto: This war is killing off my friends.
Sakamoto: I'm sick of...
Sakamoto: ...watching friends die.
Takasugi: I see...
Takasugi: You were the one who...
Takasugi: Gintoki!
GINTOKI: This guy is mine!
Takasugi: Tsk!
Takasugi: Back off!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: Ma...
GINTOKI: Master Shoyo!
GINTOKI: You bet.
GINTOKI: They're following up the success of
GINTOKI: And this isn't a rehash of one \Nof the arcs from the TV series.
GINTOKI: This is a completely original story.
Kagura: No one thought that the fake movie scam
GINTOKI: Grown-ups are scum.
GINTOKI: They're quick as lightning to ride on
shinpachi: That arc doesn't exist!
shinpachi: And you clearly copied that \Ntitle from someone else!
shinpachi: Huh? Noticed what?
GINTOKI: ...but it ain't gonna happen.
Kagura: Life ain't easy for this series.
shinpachi: I knew it.
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: Stop lying through your teeth!
shinpachi: and you're still trying to pull that crap?!
Kagura: The successful movie only made \N1/4 of what One Piece did.
GINTOKI: You know...
GINTOKI: The success of Gintama the Movie: \NBenizakura Arc the New Translation
GINTOKI: was somewhat because we spent
GINTOKI: We aren't big daddies here.
GINTOKI: Can't plant our seed on an annual basis.
shinpachi: What kind of metaphor is that?!
GINTOKI: So we'll need to spend time \Nsetting up the next movie.
Kagura: Though this show might not make
Okita: Chief.
shinpachi: Okita-san.
Hijikata: Birth of the White Yaksha?
Hijikata: The Shinsengumi will look even worse.
Okita: Exactly.
Hijikata: What kind of subtitle is that?!
Hijikata: Why are you kind of copying \Nthe title from someone else?!
Hijikata: Why are you killing me off?!
Kondo: It doesn't matter if three years \Npass until the next movie.
Kondo: It doesn't matter if we \Ndon't play a major part.
Kondo: We will stay the course and
Hijikata: You need to change your course!
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: Why are you naked again?!
shinpachi: Kondo-san!
shinpachi: S-Sis!
Otae: We don't need any more movies
shinpachi: How selfish can you be?
Kyubei: I strum a melody for Otae-chan.
Kyubei: There is no other way.
Kagura: Boss lady!
Kagura: Let me be the heroine next--
Katsura: All according to the law of movie-Gian!
Okita: Takeshi!
Madao: The title of the next movie is \N"MADAO and the Steel Troops."
Madao: It was a lie?
Kagura: I want to have a go at being the heroine.
Kyubei: I'll play Sengoku...
Sa: You can't satisfy me by making me an extra!
Katsura: I am Gian!
Hijikata: You stupid bully!
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: What the hell's going on?!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to stop this circus?!
Elizabeth: That's why you're One Piece Quarter.
Elizabeth: you'll have to spend sixteen years preparing.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What kind of logic is that?
GINTOKI: Huh?
Elizabeth: Finish this.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: That's impossib--
Elizabeth: Bye.
GINTOKI: Can't help it.
GINTOKI: Everyone gather round!
GINTOKI: We'll have to go with that!
GINTOKI: Here we go!
All: Three!
All: Two!
All: One Peace!
GINTOKI: Ask Mr. Ginpachi!
All: Is back!
GINTOKI: Let's go straight to the first question.
GINTOKI: From someone with the pen name YNG:
GINTOKI: there was a scene where \NGin-san was hit in the balls.
GINTOKI: but a certain person said that
GINTOKI: I don't understand what that means.
GINTOKI: Could you give me a simple \Nexplanation of how much it hurts?
GINTOKI: This question has been \Nkeeping me up at night.
GINTOKI: Abdominal area without \Nany abs makes no sense.
GINTOKI: it's hard to understand.
GINTOKI: I'll use a metaphor that's more romantic
GINTOKI: that you are drinking tea \Nin a field of flowers.
GINTOKI: And then your pet bunny escapes.
GINTOKI: but a prince on a white \Nhorse happens to pass by.
GINTOKI: and the white horse stomps on you.
GINTOKI: But then the prince loses his \Nbalance and is thrown off the horse
GINTOKI: when your butler catches him in mid-air
GINTOKI: since your butler used to be a gymnast.
GINTOKI: leaving him in excruciating pain.
GINTOKI: Your butler screams in pain.
GINTOKI: But then he wakes up.
GINTOKI: in a crappy book that left you in pain
GINTOKI: and your father in even more pain \Nafter he accidentally hit his balls.
GINTOKI: That kind of pain.
Takasugi: I simply destroy.
Takasugi: Heartless and hardcore.
All: Takasugi-kun!
GINTOKI: Hey.
GINTOKI: Close your textbooks.
GINTOKI: but it's too much effort so I'm going \Nto pick someone from this classroom.
GINTOKI: Does anyone know anything?
Kondo: Teach! Takasugi-kun looks suspicious!
Kondo: He must be hiding the Sharingan \Nunder that eye patch!
Kondo: He wants to copy my Ninja Centerfold!
GINTOKI: Kondo's centerfold is just above his hairy ass.
GINTOKI: You'll only be copying a bunch of ass hair.
GINTOKI: There you have it.
GINTOKI: but he doesn't need the Sharingan \Nto improve his image.
Takasugi: You want me to destroy you?
GINTOKI: to boost your popularity \Nin the character rankings.
GINTOKI: You'll only confuse the audience \Nby adding to your character.
GINTOKI: New additions frequently fail hard.
GINTOKI: It happens all the time in anime sequels.
Kagura: That's right.
Kagura: Those characters tend to be written off
shinpachi: Can I go to the nurse's office?
shinpachi: Shimura.
shinpachi: You're going straight to the faculty office.
GINTOKI: Next week's episode will be
shinpachi: The hell it will!
shinpachi: And yeah...
shinpachi: stick around after the ending credits.
Kagura: Are you talking about Piramekino?
shinpachi: No!
shinpachi: it wouldn't be a joke anymore!
shinpachi: The show would be on the verge of fading out!
All: Be there!
Bar: What?
Bar: You want to know who the strongest \Nperson in the Kabuki District is?
Bar: There are four monsters \Non a level of their own.
Bar: The Fierce and Divine Mademoiselle Saigo.
Bar: Jirocho Doromizu the Gallant.
Bar: Peacock Princess Kada.
Bar: Empress Otose.
Bar: The Kabuki District Four Devas
Bar: are in control of the Kabuki District.
Pirako: I have come to join Odd Jobs.
Pirako: My name is Pirako Chin.
GINTOKI: Huh?! A killer?!
GINTOKI: This little twit?!
shinpachi: This little girl works for the underworld?!
Pirako: I only know how to decorate with flowers.
Pirako: I'm here to turn the town where Jirocho is...
Pirako: To turn the Kabuki District \Ninto a garden of bright red!
Kada: There is no reason for us to fight.
Saigo: You bastards ready to have \Nyour balls ripped out?!
Jirocho: You think you can take \Nmy balls by teaming up?
Otose: I don't have any members in my faction.
Otose: They serve no use at all.
Otose: They just happen to be...
Otose: ...my family.
GINTOKI: Gran!
Jirocho: So you're the White Yaksha?
Jirocho: There are plenty more like you out there.
GINTOKI: Crush us if you can.
GINTOKI: The Otose Family will
Pirako: I was going to decorate your
Pirako: Your reputation precedes you.
Pirako: The strongest man in \Nthe Kabuki District...
Pirako: Gintoki Sakata-san...
GINTOKI: Who are you...?
Pirako: Could you take me in...
Pirako: ...as one of your underlings?
shinpachi: It's freezing.
shinpachi: It's always so cold in the morning.
shinpachi: Who is she?
shinpachi: A drunk?
shinpachi: You'll catch a cold if you sleep here.
shinpachi: Excuse me.
shinpachi: Your snot has frozen.
shinpachi: Wha-Wha-Wha--
shinpachi: What are you doing?!
Pirako: Which gang are you from?
Pirako: I'll make some bright red flowers.
shinpachi: What are you babbling about?!
shinpachi: Wait a moment here!
shinpachi: Wait!
Kagura: It's too early for all this noise.
Pirako: It is an honor to meet \Nthe big boss Otose.
Pirako: I apologize for my behavior earlier.
Pirako: I didn't realize that you were \Nthe Bro's number one underling.
Pirako: I'll make up for it by \Ncutting off my pinky.
GINTOKI: I have nothing to do \Nwith organized crime.
GINTOKI: And I don't want any underlings.
GINTOKI: And I told you to get lost already!
GINTOKI: You damn punk girl!
Pirako: You're tearing out my hair!
Pirako: The two of us can become the bosses
GINTOKI: When did I ever say that I \Nwanted to be Darth Vader!
shinpachi: What's with her?
Pirako: Please! I have nowhere else to go!
Otose: You come from a gang?
Otose: I've heard rumors.
Otose: The Uekibachi gang was having a
Otose: Her name was Pirako the killer.
GINTOKI: Huh?! A killer?!
GINTOKI: This little twit?!
shinpachi: This little girl works \Nfor the underworld?!
Pirako: It's nothing to brag about.
Pirako: I just happen to be good \Nat decorating with flowers.
Pirako: Did you know?
shinpachi: I didn't mean to call you a little girl.
GINTOKI: You said you have nowhere to go?
GINTOKI: What happened to your former employers?
Pirako: They're dead.
Pirako: They were jumped by the Jirocho gang
Pirako: and turned into a lovely garden.
Pirako: so I don't know what to do now.
Pirako: But I only know how to \Ndecorate with flowers.
Pirako: That's why I'm here.
Pirako: I'm here to turn the \Ntown where Jirocho is...
Pirako: To turn the Kabuki District into a\Ngarden of bright red flower garden!
Pirako: The Bro is passin' through!
Pirako: You wanna make something of it?!
Kagura: Wanna make something of it?!
shinpachi: This is bad. Very bad.
shinpachi: We've picked up a really dangerous girl.
shinpachi: She said she's going to turn the \NKabuki District into a flower garden.
shinpachi: She wants to use your strength \Nto get revenge on Jirocho.
GINTOKI: I-It'll be okay.
Pirako: Hey! Wanna fight?
GINTOKI: She can't be stupid enough \Nto take on the big boss...
Pirako: Pretty flowers!
GINTOKI: See?
GINTOKI: She looks like a perfectly normal girl
GINTOKI: who happens to like flowers...
Kagura: Eh?!
GINTOKI: Don't make threats with \Na smile on your face!
Pirako: A gang needs money to run.
GINTOKI: They're looking for security from us!
GINTOKI: Now listen to me.
GINTOKI: You aren't Darth Vader.
GINTOKI: You're just an ordinary girl.
GINTOKI: You aren't Pirako Chin.
shinpachi: What kind of name is that?!
Pirako: Understood.
Pirako: I'm Birabirako Man.
shinpachi: Could you stop that?!
shinpachi: Enough with the "birabira" already!
Pirako: This is kind of embarrassing.
Pirako: I've never been in a \Nplace like this before.
Pirako: Do I stand out?
GINTOKI: Not at all.
Kagura: You look perfectly natural here!
shinpachi: You guys stand out like sore thumbs.
shinpachi: You look like a very normal...
Pirako: Huh?
shinpachi: You should drop the gangster act.
shinpachi: It's such a waste.
shinpachi: Eat your cake.
Pirako: A cockroach was chewing on my cake.
Pirako: It's too dirty for me to eat.
shinpachi: Hey! Are you saying I'm a cockroach?!
Pirako: I'm actually kind of a clean freak.
Pirako: Gangster stuff aside.
shinpachi: Gangster stuff aside?!
GINTOKI: No sweat. That wasn't your fault.
Kagura: Nothing wrong there.
Kagura: That's how a normal girl would react.
shinpachi: Why are you defending her?!
shinpachi: Don't make it sound like every \Nsingle girl is anti-Shinpachi!
shinpachi: How is that name girly?!
shinpachi: It makes her sound like \Na "birabira" monster!
shinpachi: Enough already!
shinpachi: Watch your mouth!
Kagura: They're all dried! They're all hard!
Pirako: Why is it so dry?
shinpachi: What's so girly about dried fish?!
Pirako: Bro!
shinpachi: Here comes the real thing!
shinpachi: This is bad.
shinpachi: If they're from Jirocho's faction...
shinpachi: Gin-san! No violence!
GINTOKI: I know.
GINTOKI: I'll settle this in a mature \Nand gentlemanly fashion.
Pirako: B-Bro!
Pirako: What's wrong?
GINTOKI: I-It's broken...
GINTOKI: Th-The pat on the shoulder \Nshattered all of my bones!
shinpachi: You're doing the exact same thing!
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: You're making it worse!
Gran: Here's your change.
shinpachi: Why are you pretending \Nto break your bones?!
GINTOKI: while two of us broke all of our bones.
GINTOKI: Can we call it even?
shinpachi: Katsuo Kurogoma...
shinpachi: So they belong to Jirocho's gang.
GINTOKI: All of my bones have been broken...
GINTOKI: Could you let this one slide?
Pirako: Huh?
Pirako: N-No! Bro!
shinpachi: Please wait a moment!
GINTOKI: And your arm?
GINTOKI: It seems to be in...
GINTOKI: ...terrible shape!
shinpachi: N-Now he's done it!
shinpachi: Wha-Wha--
shinpachi: What the hell are you doing?!
shinpachi: Why did you make the first move?!
GINTOKI: I just gave him a little flick.
shinpachi: The hell you did!
shinpachi: You sent him flying through the air!
Pirako: I think I'm in love.
Pirako: Now we have no choice but to \Nfight it out with Jirocho.
GINTOKI: Damn it!
GINTOKI: You tricked me!
GINTOKI: That's not funny!
GINTOKI: I'm not gonna pick a fight with Jirocho!
GINTOKI: I ain't gonna fight a war!
shinpachi: Gin-san! You're starting \Nthe war as we speak!
GINTOKI: Pipe down!
GINTOKI: Calm yourself!
GINTOKI: Calm yourself and look \Naround for Dryaemon.
shinpachi: You need to calm down!
Kagura: I have just what you need!
Kagura: Ready-mix concrete!
shinpachi: What are you going to do with that?!
Kagura: Shut up!
Kagura: If we stick Giannosuke \Nand Suneorochimaru
Kagura: we can basically shut them up forever!
Kagura: Lady Shizuka will be yours!
shinpachi: Hell no!
shinpachi: You'll scare off Lady Shizuka!
Katsuo: Looks like a fight's going down.
Katsuo: What's...
Otose: So what's this about?
Otose: Why did you call us here?
Otose: I don't recall ever failing \Nto separate my trash.
Saigo: You just did.
Saigo: Why is this stinkin' garbage of a hag
Otose: You shouldn't be talking.
Kada: I'm glad to see that \Nyou haven't changed.
Kada: I apologize for taking up your time.
Kada: But you'll have to wait a little longer.
Kada: We're missing a member.
Otose: Jirocho?
Otose: There's no point.
Otose: It's been two or three years \Nsince he was last seen in public.
Kada: I was hoping to have all four \NDevas present for this discussion.
Kada: I called you here for one reason.
Kada: You are probably aware that
Kada: I'm sure that nobody wishes \Nfor that to happen.
Saigo: Listen to yourself.
Saigo: You and Jirocho are the \Nones making a splash.
Saigo: It used to be that the casinos
Saigo: But then you built a casino here.
Kada: I've heard tales
Kada: that you're sheltering Joi \Npatriots and rogue warriors.
Saigo: Huh?
Kada: but each one of them is quite strong.
Kada: You plan on using their strength
Saigo: What are you talking about?
Saigo: I'm offering a home to those \Nwho have no place to go.
Kada: But the fact remains that \Nyou've repeatedly refused
Kada: And Otose...
Kada: I've heard that you listen to the
Kada: And your pawns in that \Nsketchy Odd Jobs group
Kada: They've been running wild \Nacross our territory.
Otose: I never knew that I had \Npawns I could order around.
Otose: And I never knew that this town
Otose: This town doesn't belong to anyone.
Otose: We just live our lives here.
Otose: That's all.
Kada: but didn't it all begin with the
Kada: There is no reason for us to fight.
Kada: isn't our enemy Jirocho?
Jirocho: I see how it is.
Jirocho: The three of you are teaming up
shinpachi: It's over! This is war!
shinpachi: This is all-out war!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
shinpachi: This is out of control!
Kagura: Ginta-kun is off on a \Nrendezvous with Lady Shizuka.
shinpachi: Huh?!
shinpachi: The bastard used us as decoys!
shinpachi: I'll get you for this!
Pirako: Things are getting fun.
GINTOKI: What's so fun about this?
GINTOKI: Time to bust out an old cliche.
GINTOKI: Revenge isn't fun for anyone.
GINTOKI: I'm sure that your dead friends
GINTOKI: instead of letting revenge \Ntake over your life.
Pirako: Bro...
Pirako: Why do you keep talking about revenge?
GINTOKI: So you want revenge...
Pirako: What are you talking about?
Pirako: but they're all alive.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: But you said they were \Nturned into a flower garden.
Pirako: They quit the business \Nto become farmers.
Pirako: They've planted a garden of red flowers.
Pirako: It's a pretty place.
GINTOKI: Huh?!
GINTOKI: Could you be any more misleading?!
GINTOKI: We've been trying to subtly convince you
GINTOKI: So wait?
GINTOKI: Why are you here?
Pirako: I'm here to decorate Jirocho \Nand this town in red flowers.
GINTOKI: Enough of that.
GINTOKI: Give it to me straight.
Pirako: I mean exactly what I say.
Pirako: I'm here to help the great \NJirocho bloom again.
GINTOKI: Got it.
GINTOKI: and it's a waste of time \Nto bother talking with you.
GINTOKI: I don't have a bond with \Na plastic trash can!
GINTOKI: The concrete's hard now!
GINTOKI: This is all because you kept on talking!
GINTOKI: What do we do?!
GINTOKI: What's going to happen?!
Katsuo: You get served the treatment
Katsuo: you were gonna deal.
Saigo: Y-You're...
Jirocho: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Jirocho: The obstacle's here.
Saigo: Jirocho...
Jirocho: Don't mind me.
Jirocho: Carry on.
Jirocho: I believe the three of you were talking \Nabout teaming up to get rid of me?
Kada: We never said anything about that.
Kada: I simply mentioned that our wish \Nto avoid any pointless conflict
Kada: was being ruined by an \Nunstoppable loose cannon.
Jirocho: I would take him out.
Jirocho: Some fools in this world \Ncan only be cured by death.
Jirocho: But I wouldn't arrange \Na meeting like this.
Jirocho: Look.
Jirocho: Your necks are all lined up \Nwithin range of my blade.
Kada: Stand down.
Kada: He's merely joking.
Jirocho: This pet was trained well to \Nbe able to detect my hostility.
Jirocho: so I have trouble controlling \Nmy piss and my hostility.
Jirocho: Case in point.
Jirocho: You didn't notice me taking you out.
Kada: I said to stop this!
Saigo: You were eavesdropping on a \Nconversation between ladies?
Saigo: You bastards ready to have \Nyour balls ripped out?!
Jirocho: Ordinary humans have no place here.
Otose: Good grief.
Otose: How do you intend to \Nstop these monsters?
Kada: Here is my proposal.
Kada: The factions of the Four Devas are
Kada: The faction which breaks this rule
Kada: will be crushed by the other three.
Jirocho: You think you can take \Nmy balls by teaming up?
Kada: Don't get the wrong idea.
Kada: This rule is to prevent \Nfurther conflict.
Otose: The town will be a dull \Nplace if nobody can fight.
Jirocho: Are you sane?
Jirocho: Very well.
Jirocho: It'll be a test of endurance.
Jirocho: Try not to screw up before I do.
GINTOKI: Nobody parts their hair 7:3 anymore.
GINTOKI: You should shave your head
Katsuo: Up yours!
Katsuo: My hair is styled like Joe Odagiri!
Katsuo: Fashion trends come back in a cycle!
GINTOKI: Hold on here.
GINTOKI: I was egged on by this stupid girl.
Katsuo: Who are you calling Joe Schmo?!
Katsuo: I know what's going down.
Katsuo: You promised to
GINTOKI: How do you know that?
Katsuo: Why don't you tell him what you really
Boss: The warriors you see around these days
Boss: But he was different.
Boss: He would save the weak \Nand crush the strong.
Boss: He would only employ his strength
Boss: That's what you call a true warrior.
Pirako: That's too hard for me to understand.
Boss: Sorry about that.
Boss: That's probably what \Ndrew your mother to him.
Boss: Though the flowers in him \Ndied at some point...
Pirako: and crushed his wife's \Nfamily because of business.
Pirako: And now he's picking a stupid fight
Pirako: I just want to see the old \NJirocho one more time.
Pirako: To help him take the world...
Pirako: To help make some pretty \Nflowers bloom in my old man.
GINTOKI: Huh? What's she talking about?
GINTOKI: That went completely over my head.
GINTOKI: What? What?!
Katsuo: There you have it.
Katsuo: Pirako-han is...
Katsuo: Jirocho's daughter!
GINTOKI: Bullshit!
GINTOKI: Help your old man take the world?!
GINTOKI: That's the complete opposite of revenge!
Pirako: Isn't that what I said?
Pirako: I'm here to decorate him with flowers.
GINTOKI: You were talking about making \Nme the big boss of Japan!
GINTOKI: You were trying to \Nmake me fight Jirocho!
Pirako: Yakuza grow stronger by recruiting \Nthe people they beat.
Pirako: My old man can take the \Nworld if the strongest
Pirako: Do you know what's happened?
Pirako: There's a law in this lawless town now.
Pirako: the other Devas will crush them.
Pirako: The first victim will probably be
Pirako: who picked a fight with the Jirocho gang
Pirako: Please join us!
Pirako: and Otose will be targeted by \Neveryone in the Kabuki district!
Katsuo: You an idiot?
Katsuo: Why do you think we put on a show
Katsuo: We got plenty of witnesses!
GINTOKI: You're the idiots!
GINTOKI: The Four Devas aren't gonna \Nmove because of a little spat!
GINTOKI: A death is far more serious!
GINTOKI: Go bald down your parted hair line!
GINTOKI: Go bald all over your body!
Katsuo: I ain't gonna go bald!
Katsuo: I ain't like Sanshi Katsura!
Katsuo: Huh? No way...
All: Bro!
Pirako: Is your boss the guy \Nwith the parted hair?
Pirako: Or is it Jirocho?
Pirako: I'm serious.
GINTOKI: D-Damn you!
F: Bastard!
F: He jumped into the water \Nwith the concrete!
Pirako: Nope.
Pirako: He went to save him.
F: That's stupid!
F: He can't move!
F: And why would he save Bro?!
Pirako: I was very surprised.
Pirako: But that's why I wanted him on our side.
Pirako: But he also chose the old hag.
Pirako: Pity.
Kada: Pity.
Kada: I came up with this \Nplan so the three of us
Kada: but I never would have \Nexpected Otose to...
Agomi: Don't be ridiculous!
Agomi: Otose-san would never...
Agomi: Pako would never do anything like that!
Agomi: We know how gentle they are!
Agomi: Don't call me Assmi!
Agomi: Could you add the "mi"?
Agomi: You can call me Assmi as \Nlong as the "mi" is there.
Saigo: It looks like we were the only ones
Saigo: When did you make a deal with Jirocho?
Jirocho: You think I would make \Na deal with that vixen?
Jirocho: Were you pushed by the kid?
Saigo: Don't play dumb!
Pirako: That's enough.
Pirako: It's not nice to whine \Nand go back on your word.
Pirako: Pleasure to meet you.
Saigo: Jirocho's...
Pirako: Do you have any
Saigo: My proof is the fact \Nthat you have no proof.
Saigo: Why would Otose pick \Na fight with Jirocho?
Saigo: And now of all times?
Saigo: There's obviously a conspiracy going on.
Pirako: Nobody would spend that
Pirako: There's a long history between them.
Pirako: Here it is.
Pirako: was killed by my old man.
Pirako: Oh? You didn't know?
Pirako: What about this?
Pirako: My old man and Tatsugoro-san
Pirako: But then they got into a \Nfight over a certain girl.
Pirako: Tatsugoro-san was the \None who won her over.
Pirako: I'm sure that my old man \Nwasn't happy about it.
Pirako: That's why he killed his old friend.
Pirako: So he could have the girl.
Jirocho: Stop it.
Pirako: Do you know why he abandoned his own
Pirako: wife and daughter to come to this town?
Jirocho: Didn't you hear me say to stop?
Pirako: See? It's just like I said.
Pirako: He cares more about Otose-san \Nthan his own daughter.
Jirocho: You came here just to tell me that?
Jirocho: Such a dutiful daughter.
Pirako: Are you running away?!
Jirocho: Yakuza don't need trannies \Nto clean up their mess.
Jirocho: You stay out of it.
Jirocho: I'll settle this myself.
Saigo: Wait!
Saigo: I'm not done talking...
Pirako: Could you shut up now?
Saigo: How am I supposed to shut u--
Kada: Have you forgotten?
Kada: The weakest spot in the wall.
Kada: A seasoned soldier like yourself \Nshould be aware of this.
Agomi: M-Mama!
Agomi: Te-Teru-kun is... Teru-kun is...!
Saigo: Damn you!
Otose: I see.
Otose: Very well.
Otose: Don't worry.
Otose: That was Gintoki.
Otose: It seems that Pirako is safe.
Otose: They learned about the \Nnew rule right before
shinpachi: That's a relief.
shinpachi: I was worried that we would be too late.
Kagura: They kept us worried this whole time.
Kagura: What are they doing?!
Otose: I appreciate everything you've done.
Otose: Want to grab something to eat?
Kagura: Can we?
Catherine: Yakiniku!
Catherine: We must have yakiniku!
Catherine: At a really expensive place!
Kagura: Stupid!
Kagura: That won't fill my stomach!
Kagura: A buffet!
Kagura: At a place with ice cream!
Tama: Stop fighting.
Tama: Let's compromise by \Ngoing to a gas station.
shinpachi: How is that a compromise?!
Otose: Go on ahead.
Otose: I'll join you once Gintoki \Nand Pirako are back.
shinpachi: Please hurry.
shinpachi: We'll wait for you \Nbefore we start eating.
shinpachi: Didn't Otose-san seem a little strange?
Kagura: How?
shinpachi: He's covered in blood!
shinpachi: Sorry!
shinpachi: Is this my fault?!
shinpachi: Is this my fault?!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: It's Katsuo-san...
Kagura: Hey! The bucket that \Njust ran past us...!
GINTOKI: Gran!
Otose: It's rare to see you here.
Otose: I'm assuming that you brought flowers.
Jirocho: Hell no.
Otose: and that's all you have to say?
Otose: You never change.
Otose: I suppose I can't complain.
Jirocho: I heard that you took care of my kid.
Otose: Save your thanks for that idiot.
Otose: She's quite a dutiful daughter.
Otose: She came all the way here to clean
Otose: We've both been dancing to \Nthe tune of a little kid.
Otose: The years haven't been kind to us.
Otose: The villain Jirocho
Jirocho: Otose...
Jirocho: Get out of this town.
Jirocho: This place will become \Na battlefield very soon.
Jirocho: It was gonna happen even if my \Nkid didn't rush things along.
Jirocho: You'll only get in the way if you stay.
Otose: I would have hoped that
Otose: Policeman and vigilante.
Otose: but I suppose that was in the past.
Otose: Jirocho.
Otose: You went so far as to \Nabandon your wife and child
Otose: so you could do this?
Jirocho: Times have changed.
Jirocho: A vigilante can't protect anything.
Jirocho: He died and left you behind.
Jirocho: Your methods are old-fashioned.
Jirocho: both you and Tatsugoro.
Jirocho: This town doesn't need you anymore.
Jirocho: This town belongs to me.
Jirocho: I'll give you one more chance.
Jirocho: Get out of this town.
Otose: I have a favor to ask.
Otose: but I don't have any \Nmembers in my faction.
Otose: My life is all you need.
Otose: They serve no use at all.
Otose: They just happen to be my family.
Jirocho: Is that your answer?
Jirocho: You're Gintoki?
Jirocho: You were a step too late.
Jirocho: I buried her with her husband.
Jirocho: Funny how it works.
Jirocho: I believe that you were serving as her
Jirocho: That's over now. Your job is done.
Jirocho: Scram.
Jirocho: I'll spare your life for her sake.
Jirocho: Ouch...
Jirocho: The hell was that?
Jirocho: But are you willing to let Otose's \Nefforts to save your lives...
Jirocho: ...go to waste?
Jirocho: You're not being very reasonable.
Jirocho: It's over.
Jirocho: I heard that Otose was keeping \Na crazy monster around.
Jirocho: So you're the White Yaksha?
Jirocho: I never knew there was a freak like \Nyou following in my footsteps.
Jirocho: However...
Jirocho: A generation managed
Jirocho: There were plenty more \Nlike you out there.
Jirocho: There's nothing for you to protect here.
GINTOKI: Are those manju?
GINTOKI: Can I have some?
GINTOKI: I'm starving to death here.
Otose: These belong to my husband.
Otose: Ask him.
Otose: What did my husband say?
GINTOKI: Beats me.
GINTOKI: The dead don't talk.
Otose: You're just asking for it.
Otose: Don't blame me if you get cursed.
GINTOKI: The dead don't talk and \Nthey don't eat dango.
GINTOKI: So I made a one-sided promise.
GINTOKI: I won't forget this debt.
GINTOKI: but I'm going to protect \Nher in your stead.
GINTOKI: Gran...
shinpachi: Saigo-san...
shinpachi: Was that phone call...?
Saigo: I'm not going to apologize.
Saigo: There was nothing I could do.
Saigo: And there's nothing I can do now.
Saigo: The day after tomorrow...
Saigo: Your place will be destroyed by the Four Devas.
Saigo: The day after tomorrow.
Saigo: You have until then to pack up and leave this town.
shinpachi: Wh-Why is this happening?!
Saigo: Didn't you hear me?
Saigo: There's no place for you here in this town.
Saigo: The entire Kabuki district is against you.
GINTOKI: Did they take your kid hostage?
shinpachi: Gin-san...
Saigo: They appear to be testing me.
Saigo: There are things I'll do anything to protect.
shinpachi: Saigo-san...
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: I'm closing up shop.
GINTOKI: The rest is up to you.
Catherine: You bastard!
Catherine: Otose-san was left for dead!
Catherine: Her bar was destroyed!
Catherine: And you're just gonna turn tail and run?!
GINTOKI: You're telling me to fight?
GINTOKI: Don't make me laugh.
GINTOKI: I couldn't even take Jirocho one-on-one.
Catherine: When did you become so pathetic?!
Catherine: I won't! I won't...!
GINTOKI: Do you know why Gran went by herself?
GINTOKI: To protect us.
GINTOKI: you're free to stay behind and get yourself killed.
GINTOKI: Odd Jobs and Gran's bar are being closed down.
GINTOKI: We're just strangers now.
GINTOKI: Free to do as we please.
GINTOKI: I'll be doing just that.
Kagura: Wait!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Sorry.
GINTOKI: I doubt I can protect anything now...
shinpachi: Gin-san...
Kagura: Master Gintoki...
E: She got in a fight with Jirocho's gang.
E: I still owe her for lending me money when I was in debt.
G: I owe her for helping me out when I got in a fight with my wife.
H: Don't be stupid. I'd be throwing my life away.
J: Who knows when the three remaining Devas will turn on one another...
K: It's probably time to get out of this town.
Tama: I was unable to predict that we would be chased out of this town.
Tama: Madame Otose loved this town of good and evil.
Catherine: Why must we abandon Otose's bar? Our bar...
shinpachi: Don't say that.
shinpachi: Otose-san will be moved out of the Kabuki district hospital tomorrow.
shinpachi: We'll be able to visit her every day.
shinpachi: Start over...
shinpachi: S-Start...
shinpachi: Huh? That's strange...
shinpachi: Why am I crying?
shinpachi: Huh?
Katsuo: So you couldn't take on the Four Devas.
Katsuo: I didn't think our boss would actually attack Otose.
Katsuo: Nobody can stop this war.
GINTOKI: Don't get the wrong idea.
GINTOKI: I wasn't trying to save your life.
GINTOKI: I just needed you to spill your guts.
GINTOKI: Let's get those guts out of you.
Katsuo: What?! What do you wanna know?!
GINTOKI: Why were you surprised that Jirocho attacked Gran?
Katsuo: You didn't know?
Katsuo: The boss and Otose have known each other since they were kids.
Katsuo: You could say they were childhood friends.
Katsuo: but Otose was there to straighten him out every time he tried something.
Katsuo: Otose was the only one who stood by him and tried to straighten him out.
Katsuo: and Otose's husband.
Katsuo: A man who was strong in a fight and stuck to his ideals.
Katsuo: Everyone had to love him.
Katsuo: Cop and vigilante.
Katsuo: but they both fought to protect their town.
Katsuo: It wasn't long before they became friends.
Katsuo: But there was one problem.
Katsuo: They were in love with the same woman.
Katsuo: since he figured a vigilante wouldn't be able to provide that happiness.
Katsuo: taking a bullet that was meant for the boss.
Katsuo: But the boss paid no attention to his daughter.
Katsuo: He said that he didn't have the right to be a father or a vigilante.
Katsuo: I'm willing to have a hole in my gut.
Katsuo: That's my duty.
Katsuo: But was this really the right thing to do?
Katsuo: Will this really make them happy?
GINTOKI: They're never gonna be happy...
GINTOKI: ...'cause I'm gonna crush them.
Katsuo: So you were putting on a show for the kids.
Katsuo: You don't stand a chance by yourself.
GINTOKI: I can't go back on my word.
Katsuo: What?! Why?!
Otose: Shouldn't you stay here to watch this old woman pass on?
Otose: Gintoki...
Otose: I don't want to see...
Otose: ...you die.
GINTOKI: So sit tight.
Pirako: How did it feel to cut down the woman you loved?
Jirocho: How did it feel to manipulate a bunch of old men and women?
Pirako: That's harsh.
Pirako: I did it all for your sake.
Jirocho: What a waste of time...
Jirocho: Did that vixen put you up to it?
Pirako: Of course not.
Pirako: This is part of the plan.
Pirako: There are many people left in this town who were involved with Otose.
Pirako: We'll use this chance to flush them out.
Pirako: Saigo happens to be one of them.
Jirocho: Will it really work?
Jirocho: And you don't need to worry. The old woman's buddies aren't in this town anymore.
Jirocho: The watchdog's chains have been snapped.
Pirako: You intend to keep your promise to not harm anyone else?
Pirako: It's no use.
Pirako: That person was never chained.
Pirako: You took him to be an obedient dog who could be chained?
Pirako: I guarantee that Bro will come.
Jirocho: You were watching?
Pirako: I was watching.
Pirako: When you failed to finish off Otose too...
Pirako: When you cut her down so she wouldn't be dragged into this war...
Pirako: You don't need to worry.
Pirako: I understand that there's no point in focusing on Otose.
Pirako: It's not that simple to explain what it is that chains you to this town.
Pirako: I figured it out.
Pirako: You're just like him.
GINTOKI: But I'm going to protect her in your stead.
Tatsugoro: Jirocho...
Tatsugoro: Take care of her... Take care of our town...
Pirako: Both of you are chained to this town by the same thing.
Pirako: A promise made to a certain man.
Pirako: An iron vow of your own choosing.
Pirako: The chains of a warrior.
Pirako: Both of you are animals bound by the same chain.
Pirako: But...
Pirako: but has abandoned the responsibility and chosen to protect this town by using force to conquer it.
Pirako: Don't worry.
Pirako: I've already made up my mind.
Pirako: I'll be joining you on your rampage.
Pirako: I promise to help you take over this town.
Jirocho: You...
shinpachi: Where do you think you're going?
shinpachi: With Otose-san's mementos of her husband...
GINTOKI: Why are you here?
Kagura: You're the one who said we could do as we please.
shinpachi: Take us with you.
shinpachi: We can help you fight.
GINTOKI: Don't get the wrong idea.
GINTOKI: I'm just here because Gran told me to pick this up for her.
Kagura: Enough already...
Kagura: Neither of you get it...
Kagura: If you shoulder the burden alone and leave us behind...
Kagura: How are we supposed to be happy you saved our lives?
Kagura: How are we supposed to be happy that Gran saved us if she's gone?
GINTOKI: Life doesn't need to be fun.
GINTOKI: I just want you to live.
GINTOKI: I don't want to go through that again.
GINTOKI: I don't want anyone to die.
shinpachi: Aren't you supposed to be Gintoki Sakata?
shinpachi: ...but swore that he would never run away from his responsibilities!
shinpachi: Didn't you promise her husband?!
shinpachi: Isn't that what makes you Gintoki Sakata?!
shinpachi: So what if Otose-san's life was in danger?!
shinpachi: This isn't enough to kill Otose-san off!
shinpachi: Isn't enough to kill us off!
shinpachi: Isn't enough to kill you off!
shinpachi: Because you're going to protect us!
shinpachi: Because we're going to protect you!
shinpachi: Isn't that what Odd Jobs is about?
shinpachi: Isn't that how the three of us protected so much over the years?
Tama: We have not lost anything yet.
Tama: So you must not lose your soul.
Tama: Master Gintoki...
Tama: You have protected us many times.
Tama: No matter how dire or hopeless the situation was...
Tama: We trust you.
Catherine: So it's your turn to trust us.
Tama: We can do this together.
Tama: Protect the town which brought us together.
GINTOKI: but there probably won't be any left over.
GINTOKI: We promise to protect everything which was dear to you.
GINTOKI: for leading me to these assholes.
K: What's with that group of men or women or both or neither?
K: Th-There's gonna be a war!
Agomi: Don't say anything.
Agomi: Mama's the one who's hurting the most.
Pirako: Let's get started then!
Pirako: Make a lot of noise for Otose!
Agomi: H-How can this be?!
Agomi: Th-This early in the morning?!
Agomi: They work too hard!
Saigo: You're missing the point!
Saigo: Why is the store banner up when Otose and everyone else is...?
Saigo: Could it be...
GINTOKI: The place is booked.
GINTOKI: I feel like drinking by myself.
GINTOKI: Without any interruptions.
GINTOKI: Don't come any closer.
GINTOKI: Didn't you hear me?
GINTOKI: I told you to keep your stinkin' pig feet out of this place.
Saigo: Pako!
GINTOKI: The entire Kabuki District?
GINTOKI: Don't make me laugh.
GINTOKI: You fools aren't even part of this town.
GINTOKI: You're no different from the dogshit on the side of the road.
GINTOKI: All I need from the Kabuki District is right here.
shinpachi: Our Kabuki District...
Tama: ...can be found...
Kagura: ...right here.
GINTOKI: Crush us if you can.
GINTOKI: We're not letting any of you into our town.
Agomi: Pako!
Agomi: Please stop this!
Agomi: We don't want to fight you!
Saigo: Funny.
Saigo: It's very strange.
Saigo: It makes me sick to have to fight friends.
Saigo: Yet I felt relieved when I saw your face.
Saigo: Of course.
Saigo: It wouldn't be right if you weren't here.
Agomi: What are you...?
Pirako: That's right!
Pirako: There's nothing left to say.
Pirako: Bro and Saigo-san are both protecting what's dear to them.
Saigo: You shouldn't be talking.
Saigo: Not when you're the one who took what was dear to me.
Pirako: I'm not going to apologize. After all...
Pirako: I'm here to protect what's dear to me.
Pirako: I'll steal and destroy what's dear to others...
Pirako: ...if that's what's needed to take him back.
Saigo: The swing of a samurai's blade can silence a thousand words!
Saigo: let us hold our conversation in a whirlwind of blood!
GINTOKI: The Otose Family will be paying our respects.
GINTOKI: You're...
GINTOKI: ...Tatsumi the firefighter!
E: Die!
Tetsuko: That's some weak iron.
Tetsuko: You can't even scratch \Nthese guys with that junk.
Kagura: Te-Tetsuko!
E: Don't take us lightly!
Kozen: A lady doesn't like it \Nwhen you gang up on her.
shinpachi: Kozenigata-san! Haji-san!
G: What's with that weird-looking bunch?!
Tama: Master Gengai!
H: Hey! There's a freak mixed in there!
Madao: Can't let this bar be shut down!
Madao: No more free drinks for me!
shinpachi: You have a running tab.
Madao: Why am I the only one who \Ngets the cold shoulder?!
Kyoshiro: They have forged a bond during \Ntheir time in this town.
G: What?! Now we have an \Narmy of male escorts!
Kyoshiro: The Kabuki district women \Nmay cry once I'm gone.
Kyoshiro: But I will cry once you're gone.
Kyoshiro: How very naughty of you \Nto seduce a male escort.
shinpachi: Kyoshiro-san!
Otae: We won't let you carry the burden alone.
H: And here are a bunch of cabaret girls!
Otae: It's not very nice to decide the fate of
Otae: This town doesn't belong to any of you.
Otae: It belongs to us cabaret girls.
Otae: The Jirocho gang and tranny \Ngang can bring it on.
Otae: We'll show you how terrifying
Tatsumi: We won't let you have your way here!
Tatsumi: Those guys helped protect \Nthe things we care about.
Kozen: They know what it truly \Nmeans to be hard-boiled.
Tetsuko: I'll never be able to pay you back.
Tetsuko: But I also won't forget \Nwhat you've taught me.
Kyoshiro: Please watch us.
Kyoshiro: Our Kabuki District...
Madao: We've lived together and
Otae: You are the ones who have become \Nenemies of the Kabuki district.
Otae: You're in our town.
shinpachi: E-Everyone...
Pirako: Is that supposed to matter?
Pirako: We're up against a bunch of amateurs!
Pirako: Take them all out!
H: Yeah!
H: We can't let a bunch of \Ncabaret girls boss us around!
Otae: Get down on your knees.
Otae: I am the queen of the Kabuki district.
Tatsumi: Idiot!
Tatsumi: Are you trying to protect \Nthis town or destroy it?!
Kozen: Don't forget that you \Nhave allies down here!
Kozen: Straighten out your act or \NI'll have to punish you!
Kyoshiro: What are you talking about?
Kyoshiro: We already live in an iron town.
Madao: We'll handle the small fry here!
Yakuza: You're the small fry!
GINTOKI: Leave.
GINTOKI: This battle is our...
GINTOKI: ...Gran's victory.
Pirako: your crowd doesn't stand a chance.
Pirako: I won't let you go to my old man.
GINTOKI: I said that you already lost.
GINTOKI: You've really pissed them off.
Saigo: You're going to let a couple \Nof kids throw their lives away?
GINTOKI: So be it.
GINTOKI: I'd rather disappoint you \Nthan disappoint them.
Pirako: A couple of softies who \Ndidn't want to fight
Kagura: Looks like I'll need to rip your \Nhead off to make you understand.
shinpachi: I'm used to having girls trick me.
shinpachi: We can never forgive you for hurting...
shinpachi: ...the Kabuki district's mother.
Kagura: Don't underestimate Odd Jobs.
Kagura: We won't let you hurt anyone else.
Kagura: You won't have your way around here.
Kagura: We aren't alone!
Kagura: you won't be taking \Nanything else from us!
Kagura: It's time to show you the power...
Kagura: ...that has kept Odd Jobs safe.
Saigo: It would be rude to go easy
Pirako: I understand.
Pirako: Then I'll turn you into corpses first.
Pirako: Where would you like me to \Nmake some bright red flowers?
Pirako: Your head?
Pirako: Or your chest?
Pirako: Or...
Pirako: ...Bro's heart?
GINTOKI: There won't be any flowers.
GINTOKI: Flowers aren't for samurai.
shinpachi: Flowers are meant for girls.
Kagura: And trannies.
Pirako: That's strange...
Pirako: How could I...
Pirako: I can't let them reach my old man.
Pirako: I'm gonna...
Saigo: You used the back of your blade?
Saigo: You're still softies.
Saigo: You hit my chin so hard \Nthat my head's spinning.
Saigo: I won't be able to stand anytime soon.
Saigo: Damn. Guess I can't stop you.
GINTOKI: You're just as soft.
GINTOKI: Don't pay any attention.
GINTOKI: We'll take care of your kid.
GINTOKI: Rest easy and get some \Nbeauty sleep or ugly sleep.
Saigo: Then I'll also talk to myself for a bit.
Saigo: Don't get yourselves killed.
Jirocho: This town looks pretty meek \Nwhen there's nobody around.
Kada: Easier for your daughter to do her job.
Kada: The red light district will soon \Nbe a playground for children.
Jirocho: Don't you mean it will be the \Nhunting ground for a certain vixen?
Kada: Are you here to keep an eye on me?
Jirocho: You think I would skip a sumo match
Jirocho: to come all the way out here \Nand waste my time on you?
Jirocho: I'm here for the vixen's head.
E: And then me!
F: Hey! What are you doing?!
G: Wouldn't you want to be sent \Nto heaven by Kyoshiro's rod?!
G: They're literally going to heaven!
G: And what's going on?!
G: The others have been understanding
G: but that guy won't stop \Nslaughtering trannies!
Agomi: Stay back.
F: Agomi?!
Agomi: I recognize his technique.
Agomi: A special assassination technique \Nfor slaying trannies.
Agomi: Blade of the Male Escort!
Okama: That sounds familiar!
Agomi: this legendary technique was born\N during the Battle of Bootyloo.
Agomi: I didn't realize that someone \Nhad inherited the technique it.
Agomi: This was the last place I expected
Agomi: You were too hasty.
F: Ago!
Agomi: So you were willing to sever \Nthis cursed chin of mine...
Agomi: I have no chins in this life!
F: You've got one long-ass chin there!
Agomi: He didn't cut it off?
Kyoshiro: A male escort is only \Nallowed to penetrate women.
Agomi: A toy?
All: {\a6}Kyoshiro!
Agomi: I don't care if you use the sword
Agomi: Penetrate me!
Agomi: Penetrat--
Saigo: What are you doing?
Saigo: We're getting out of here.
All: Mama!
Saigo: This fight is over.
Saigo: We've lost.
Otae: Saigo-san...
Pirako: I can't accept that.
Pirako: My old man hasn't \Nconquered the world yet.
Saigo: you shouldn't waste his men out here.
Pirako: We don't need these useless chumps.
Pirako: Go ahead and turn your\N back on us if you wish.
Pirako: I'll support my old man by \Nmyself if that's what it takes.
Pirako: Doesn't matter what \Npeople say about him...
Jirocho: I see.
Jirocho: I assumed that it was \Nover a long time ago.
Pirako: Doesn't matter if he \Nnever looks at me...
Mother: I see...
Mother: So he's still making mischief.
Pirako: How can you smile?
Pirako: He abandoned us and started \Ndoing terrible things
Mother: he placed his hand here and promised...
Mother: ...that he would surely return.
Mother: He's still fighting right now.
Mother: So don't hate him.
Mother: We have his promise...
Mother: You will be the only one \Nwho believes in him...
Pirako: He promised...
Pirako: He promised to return...
Pirako: Take care of this.
Pirako: I need to go to my old man.
Saigo: So we were all played \Nby that damn vixen.
All: Mama!
Pirako: Sa-Saigo-san...
Jirocho: Using a kid to set off \Na war in this town
Jirocho: and manipulate the Four Devas \Ninto wearing each other down
Jirocho: in order to take control of this town.
Jirocho: That should be the general \Ngist of your plan.
Kada: But it's too late.
Kada: Those pathetic monkeys are \Nbeing crushed as we speak.
Kada: Along with your daughter.
Jirocho: I doubt that they're \Ngonna roll over for you.
Kada: We won't be having that.
Kada: Though I've prepared a little party.
Jirocho: Shinra?
Jirocho: it's clear that you're \Nnot just some gambler.
Kada: My long battle with you ends here.
Kada: This town belongs to me now.
Kada: Or should I say...
Kada: Nonsense.
Kada: You already knew my identity.
Kada: I would've taken over this town the way
Kada: I know the reason
Kada: You were protecting this \Ntown from us Amanto.
Jirocho: I learned two things from the war.
Tatsugoro: Take care of her...  \NTake care of our town...
Jirocho: I gave up on being a human \Nso I could defeat you.
Kada: What can you possibly accomplish?
Jirocho: Have you been paying any \Nattention to this town?
Jirocho: Don't underestimate the Kabuki District.
Kada: Who are you people?!
GINTOKI: but I guess the situation's changed.
Jirocho: You've got sharp eyes.
Pirako: Sa-Saigo-san...
Pirako: Why?
Saigo: Hostages are only useful alive.
Saigo: I consider you a hostage \Nto use against Jirocho.
Saigo: I don't want to see any old ladies
Saigo: Our enemy is elsewhere...
Saigo: But it's too late when you realize it.
Otose: Good grief.
Otose: Could you stop whining?
Otose: And you call yourself \NKabuki District residents?
Saigo: That voice is...
Otose: Isn't that our creed?
Saigo: O-O...
Saigo: Otose!
GINTOKI: I'm leaving Saigo's kid to you.
GINTOKI: We're running out of time.
Kagura: Gin-chan...
GINTOKI: We promised.
GINTOKI: so have some faith in me.
shinpachi: Gin-san...
shinpachi: We'll meet back up in \Nthe Kabuki district.
Kada: but you're trying to allow \Nthose kids to escape?
GINTOKI: It's not like that.
GINTOKI: They wouldn't be able to hold
GINTOKI: It's R-18 time.
Jirocho: You got balls to talk like that to
Jirocho: But it's easy to understand.
Jirocho: I'm gonna slaughter you all.
GINTOKI: We're all alone here \Nwith no help in sight.
GINTOKI: Just cut down anything that moves.
Jirocho: The last one standing is the winner.
GINTOKI: You probably had bad grades.
Jirocho: Not as bad as yours.
Kada: What's so funny?!
Kada: Why are you laughing?!
Kada: Don't you realize the \Nsituation you're in?!
Kada: You and your town are finished!
GINTOKI: Damn old man!
Jirocho: Kid!
GINTOKI: Don't die...
Jirocho: ...until I kill you.
Catherine: Help!
Catherine: Stay away!
Catherine: Don't come any closer!
Teruhiko: Wh-Who's there?
shinpachi: That's right.
Trio: Don't worry!
Trio: The Kabuki Cats are here now!
Yakuza: B-Bro!
Katsuo: What are you fools doing?!
Katsuo: You're gonna stand around while \Nthe Amanto take over our town?!
Pirako: Ka-Katsuo...
Katsuo: We're prepared to throw away
Katsuo: However...
Katsuo: We aren't gonna abandon \Nthe town our boss
Katsuo: We have a duty to protect \Nthe Kabuki District!
Katsuo: This is the town your old \Nman has been protecting!
Katsuo: Let's do this!
Katsuo: The whole universe will learn \Nto fear the Jirocho Gang!
Katsuo: The Kabuki District belongs to us!
Saigo: Heh...
Saigo: They're the ones who made \Na mess of this town.
Saigo: That's why I can't stand yakuza.
Saigo: The Kabuki District belongs to you?
Saigo: No.
Saigo: It belongs to us trannies!
Saigo: It's finally time for us to go crazy!
Saigo: Show them the true power of a tranny!
Otose: This is the Kabuki District!
Kada: Fr-Freaks...
Kada: Kill them in the name of the Harusame!
Kada: Finish them!
GINTOKI: we promise to protect everything
Tatsugoro: Jirocho...
Tatsugoro: Take care of her... Take \Ncare of our town...
Kada: They did it!
Kada: There were only two of them.
Kada: My elite soldiers lost \Nto these base monkeys.
Kada: This can't be... This can't be...
Kada: That's...
Kada: Otose!
Kada: I never expected this filthy \Ntown to be home to such heroes.
Kada: The Harusame will return this favor!
GINTOKI: W-Wait...
Jirocho: All this effort to chase \Na vixen out of town.
Jirocho: I don't want to get any older.
Jirocho: But you young'ns are disappointing.
Jirocho: When I was a young lad...
GINTOKI: The elderly always let nostalgia
GINTOKI: I don't want to get any older.
Jirocho: Is that his jutte?
Jirocho: Why do you have it?
Jirocho: Heh.
Jirocho: Same here.
Jirocho: I would watch from behind
Jirocho: It was rather striking to see him
Jirocho: and I'm sure that this town loved him.
GINTOKI: but we can never be like him?
Jirocho: He died the way he lived.
Jirocho: who sacrificed his life \Nfor someone like me
Jirocho: I killed him.
Jirocho: in order to protect what he left behind.
Jirocho: Even if the town hated me for it...
GINTOKI: Damn...
GINTOKI: So you weren't trying to kill Gran.
Jirocho: She's always been a pain in the ass.
Jirocho: Squawking in my ear whenever \NI did something...
Jirocho: My resolve would waver when I saw her.
Jirocho: Let's settle this once and for all.
Jirocho: We'll see who's worthy of \Ninheriting his pipe and jutte.
GINTOKI: I'm not interested in any inheritances.
GINTOKI: I just wanted to keep \Nmy promise this time.
GINTOKI: It's obvious that neither of \Nus is going to cave or give in.
GINTOKI: In that case...
GINTOKI: ...there's only one way \Nfor us to move forward.
GINTOKI: I will keep my promise and survive.
GINTOKI: In return...
GINTOKI: ...you will keep your promise...
GINTOKI: ...and die.
Pirako: Both of you are chained to \Nthis town by the same thing.
Pirako: A promise made to a certain man.
Pirako: An iron vow of your own choosing.
Pirako: The chains of a warrior.
Pirako: Old man!
GINTOKI: Your promise was broken.
GINTOKI: I win.
Jirocho: Bastard...
Jirocho: Why didn't you cut me down?
GINTOKI: Like I said...
GINTOKI: I'm going to keep my promise this time.
GINTOKI: we promise to protect
Otose: I'd appreciate it if you \Nnever woke up again.
Jirocho: This can't be a hospital.
Jirocho: Must be some kind of haunted house.
Jirocho: Looks like everyone managed \Nto survive somehow.
Otose: Had nothing to do with us.
Otose: Our lives were saved.
Otose: Your daughter spent
Otose: And your daughter kept an eye on me
Otose: to make sure I didn't run off \Nagain and exacerbate my injuries.
Jirocho: A futile effort.
Jirocho: but you make me look like \Na reasonable fellow.
Jirocho: Everybody turned out to \Nbe as twisted as he was.
Jirocho: since you beat me in a battle of wills.
Otose: You look pretty happy for \Nsomeone who was beaten.
Jirocho: Yeah...
Jirocho: It's been so long since \NI've had a real fight.
Jirocho: A real fight between men and warriors.
Jirocho: I can only laugh after losing \Nin such a satisfying way.
Jirocho: I've given up so much to be \Nable to keep my promise...
Jirocho: including me.
Jirocho: I was scared of losing \Nanyone else dear again...
Jirocho: He shattered the ungainly \Nchains around my neck.
Jirocho: They made it clear that they could \Nprotect this town without me.
Jirocho: Twenty years...
Jirocho: while failing to keep my promise.
Jirocho: Otose...
Jirocho: You've done a lot for me.
Jirocho: But I kept running in circles.
Jirocho: I was never able to return the favor.
Jirocho: Sorry I couldn't make you happy.
Saigo: Damn! What are people doing?!
Saigo: It was about to get good!
Katsuo: I told you to stop pushing!
Katsuo: Shut up!
Katsuo: How often are we gonna get to see \Nthe boss in a romantic scene?!
Otae: Men are so hopeless.
Otae: The sensitivity of a brick.
Katsuo: What's that in your hand?!
Tama: Recording mode off.
Catherine: I just heard something!
Catherine: You were recording!
Catherine: You were recording the entire time!
Nurse: What are you people doing here so late?!
Nurse: Don't you realize what \Nkind of place this is?!
Agomi: This is ours!
Katsuo: Do you realize how much \Neffort it took to get
Otose: Jirocho...
Otose: You and Gintoki will never change.
Otose: You're both selfish jerks.
Otose: The difference is that he had \Npeople to help him realize
Otose: that other people needed \Nhim the way he needed them.
Otose: There are plenty of fools \Nin the Kabuki District
Otose: You did a fine job of \Nprotecting this town
Otose: You kept your promise.
Otose: So you can let go now.
Otose: You have other promises to keep.
Otose: I met Tatsugoro here \Nin the Kabuki District.
Otose: And I met them.
Otose: And I met our beloved Jirocho again.
Jirocho: This isn't good.
Jirocho: My eyesight's starting to fail me.
Jirocho: I don't want to get any older.
Kada: We cannot allow them \Nto get away with this.
Kada: I can no longer turn back.
Kada: I will do anything to obtain \Nthe Kabuki District.
Kada: You're...!
Pirako: I finally get to see my old man look...
Kada: Silence!
Kada: Don't you understand that you're \Nthe one who's interfering?!
Pirako: I do.
Pirako: My interference is over.
Pirako: But I'm taking you with me!
Kada: You're the only one who's leaving!
Pirako: Br-Bro!
shinpachi: Sacrificing yourself \Nto take out the enemy...
Kagura: won't be enough to make up
GINTOKI: There you have it.
Pirako: My job is finished.
Pirako: You can have your way with me.
GINTOKI: Sad.
GINTOKI: Don't you need to settle \Nthings with your old man?
Pirako: I have.
Pirako: You took all the glory though.
Pirako: You're the one who saved my old man.
Pirako: I didn't expect you to protect him...
Pirako: This town has
Pirako: They do more than take away...
Pirako: If I could be like them...
Pirako: But it's okay now.
Pirako: The father I wanted to see...
Pirako: The father who Mom and I were waiting for...
Pirako: ...is back.
Pirako: Bro... Everyone...
Pirako: but let me say this.
Pirako: Thank you for letting me see my
Pirako: Please let me take responsibility \Nfor what I've done...
GINTOKI: Go wait at the place listed there.
GINTOKI: I'll deal with you once I'm healed up.
GINTOKI: You better be done crying by then.
Girl: Let's try that place next time.
Girl: Sure.
Bar: What?
Bar: You want to know who the strongest \Nman in the Kabuki District is?
Bar: You must be new in town.
Bar: Won't last long with that attitude.
Bar: Forget it.
Bar: This town is on a whole different level.
Bar: It's too dangerous.
Bar: With the fall of the Deva Kada
Bar: the fragile balance of power \Nis beginning to crumble.
Bar: The town's never been this tense before.
Jirocho: 'Tis an honor.
Jirocho: always surrounded by steel.
Jirocho: I am ashamed to admit \Nthat I have walked astray
Jirocho: and was guided by my brothers
Jirocho: to embark on a journey of redemption
Jirocho: but I have given them up.
Jirocho: Jirocho.
Pirako: I-I am the newest member \Nof the Odd Jobs family
Pirako: On a journey to find my missing father...
Pirako: I was guided here by the \Nkindness of my brothers.
Pirako: Pirako Chin!
Jirocho: We must have been brought \Ntogether by fate.
Jirocho: Would you mind
Jirocho: I'm home.
Takasugi: Next time:
Takasugi: Odd
Kamui: Or even?
Kamui: We should go show our gratitude.
Kamui: To the samurai.
Kamui: Shinsuke Takasugi?
Aho: You haven't heard of him?
Aho: He signed a pact with us.
Aho: He's the leader of the mercenary \Ngroup known as the Kiheitai.
Kamui: Are they from Earth?
Aho: The remnants of those savages
Aho: when we opened up their land.
Kamui: Admiral Assho--
Aho: He only cooperates with us
Aho: but he can be very useful.
Aho: You could consider them the \NHarusame's enforcers on Earth.
Aho: They were responsible for \Nhunting down that vixen.
Aho: I've heard that they are actually
Aho: a terrorist group which seeks to
Aho: But when we struck a deal
Aho: they offered to draw the \Ngovernment's trained dogs
Aho: Do you know why?
Kamui: That's easy.
Kamui: so they're using the Harusame
Kamui: to get close to the Bakufu and
Aho: What?! Really?!
Aho: They're plotting terrible things!
Aho: S-So that's how it was...
Aho: Damn!
Kamui: We finally obtained the right to
Kamui: but he can probably crush our forces.
Kamui: That's true.
Kamui: Thanks for the food!
Aho: Why do you think I summoned you here?!
Kamui: For a free meal?
Aho: No!
Aho: The 7th Squad is responsible \Nfor cleaning up our messes!
Kamui: So what do you want me to do?
Aho: Dispose of the tools \Nthat we no longer need.
Koro: Good grief.
Koro: This place would be much more
Kamui: Aren't you both four-legged creatures?
Koro: Kamui...
Koro: You have the backing of
Koro: We're ready to throw our support
Koro: Admiral Asshole is just \Na puppet for the elders.
Koro: All he cares about is his own safety.
Koro: I wanna work for someone \Nwho will let me run wild.
Koro: I can't lead.
Koro: I just want to go crazy \Nand not have to think.
Abuto: You sound just like our boss.
Koro: and a hook instead of a hand.
Koro: I'm not captain material.
Abuto: You're clearly gunning \Nto be the captain.
Kamui: Don't interfere.
Kamui: I finally found myself another samurai.
Kamui: Take the fleet and wipe out his men.
Abuto: Here we go again...
Matako: I can't stand space.
Matako: It's so dark everywhere.
Matako: Can't tell if we're moving \Nforward or backward.
Matako: Sorry about sounding so whiny.
Matako: I've been getting worried.
Takasugi: Doesn't matter which way we're going.
Takasugi: just follow my lead.
Takasugi: I promise to take you to our goal.
Takasugi: There's no need to worry
Takasugi: as long as you believe in me.
Matako: L-Lord Shinsuke!
Matako: I...  I'll follow you to hell and back!
Takasugi: We share the same goal.
Takasugi: Let us march on.
Takasugi: Now sign this petition.
Takasugi: We oppose the
Takasugi: Pedophilia predates manga and anime!
Takasugi: Is it not our goal to foster \Na culture of acceptance?!
Matako: Bansai-senpai.
Matako: Where's Lord Shinsuke?
Bansai: He stayed behind on the mothership
Bansai: because the admiral needed \Nhim for something.
Bansai: We're supposed to return \Nto Edo without him.
Matako: Needed him for what?
Matako: I have a bad feeling about this.
Matako: Was it a mistake to join \Nforces with the Harusame?
Bansai: Why are you saying this now?
Bansai: We will defeat the Bakufu \Nand rebuild the world.
Bansai: Didn't you agree to the plan?
Matako: But we're out of our league...
Matako: The Kiheitai aren't \Non the same level as a
Matako: we've become a liability.
Matako: What if Lord Shinsuke is...
Bansai: Don't worry.
Bansai: That man won't fall \Nbefore the Bakufu does.
Bansai: Did you forget the promise he made?
Takasugi: I'll simply destroy...
Takasugi: ...the Greater Edo Ordinance Regarding \Nthe Healthy Development of Youths!
Matako: Don't mess up my memories!
Matako: Die!
Matako: We'll destroy you first!
Bansai: What? Do they truly \Nintend to eliminate us?!
Matako: L-Lord Shinsuke!
Kamui: Hey.
Kamui: So we meet again.
Kamui: Please die.
Takasugi: That's not much of a surprise.
Takasugi: It was obvious from the \Nmoment I first saw you.
Kamui: You're sharp.
Kamui: And you kind of smell the same
Takasugi: What a coincidence.
Takasugi: I've been dying to kill \Nthat stupid samurai
Kamui: You must have super powers or something.
Kamui: Is there a secret behind \Nthat left eye of yours?
Koro: Kamui!
Kamui: I told you not to interfere.
Koro: I won't interfere.
Kamui: Huh?
Abuto: Did I miss a message or something?
Abuto: Nobody ever mentioned that
Aho: You Yato are too dangerous.
Kamui: You got me good.
Kamui: Never expected Admiral Asshole \Nto pull a fast one on me.
Takasugi: I'll kill that idiot for you.
Takasugi: So feel free to rest in peace.
Abuto: Looks like we were tricked.
Bansai: Wh-What's going on?
Matako: The Harusame are fighting each other?
Takechi: Everything is going according to plan.
Matako: Takechi-senpai...
Takechi: That is the Harusame's 7th Squad.
Takechi: The 12 squad captains are looking \Nto overthrow the admiral
Takechi: and name Lord Kamui as their leader.
Bansai: that fool of an admiral
Takechi: Exactly.
Matako: So we're being used \Nby the Harusame again?
Takechi: It's easier for us to take advantage
Bansai: But still...
Bansai: Destroying your own fangs to \Nhold onto your position...
Bansai: There are always more fools
Aho: There are no longer any \Nrogue elements to oppose me!
Koro: I was simply performing \Nmy duty as one of
Koro: the captains who supported \NKamui will come
Takasugi: It was kind of a waste.
Aho: Hm?
Takasugi: That kid took enough poison to
Takasugi: but he was able to fend off my blade
Takasugi: while smiling the entire time.
Takasugi: And he managed to kill off
Takasugi: I have a feeling that his absence
Takasugi: than what he did to your men.
Aho: It doesn't matter.
Aho: Your Kiheitai can fill the \Nvoid he's left behind.
Takasugi: It's better to be the head of \Na cat than the tail of a lion.
Takasugi: I'd rather be a bandit chief \Nthan a pirate or bigwig.
Aho: Allow me to compensate you...
Takasugi: I don't need anything.
Koro: Be careful.
Koro: He's harder to read than Kamui was.
Aho: I know.
Aho: No more fooling around.
Takasugi: Odds.
Kada: Too bad...
Kada: Evens...
Kamui: That gambler's cursed.
Takasugi: Coming from a monster who \Ndoesn't die when killed...
Kamui: They patched me up and spared my life
Kamui: When's the big day?
Takasugi: In three days.
Kamui: Three days...
Kamui: I wonder which one of us will die first.
Kamui: I'm sure you've figured it out already.
Kamui: The people here only \Ncare about themselves.
Kamui: Doesn't matter how hard you work.
Kamui: They'll just abuse you \Nas much as they can
Kamui: before they get rid of you.
Takasugi: True.
Takasugi: I would prefer to be used by someone
Takasugi: Those sharp fangs of yours \Nwill only rot in this place.
Kamui: Why did you come here?
Takasugi: I'm the same as you.
Takasugi: Searching for a place to \Nuse my sharpened fangs.
Takasugi: But this leaky boat \Nwon't take me anywhere.
Takasugi: I'd rather hitch a ride on your ship.
Aho: This is what happens to \Nthose who defy my authority!
Kamui: Can I say something real quick?
Aho: Yes.
Kamui: Admiral Asshole!
Aho: Kill him! Kill him now!
Takasugi: Admiral Abo.
Takasugi: Will you allow me to kill him?
Aho: Huh?
Takasugi: but I can at least serve \Nas the executioner.
Takasugi: Our luck ran out when I \Ngot on this leaky boat.
Takasugi: Who knows?
Takasugi: All I know is that neither of us \Nwill be doing any sightseeing.
Kamui: Sure we will.
Kamui: Down in hell.
Takasugi: You bet.
Takasugi: leaky boat crew.
Aho: Wh-What?!
Kamui: I told you so.
Kamui: That gambler's cursed.
Kamui: but you're trying to \Nget us killed together?
Takasugi: It's more fun to dance
Kamui: Samurai are a blast.
Aho: Takasugi!
Aho: You're nothing more than tools \Nthat are no longer needed!
Aho: I'll turn you into spacedust!
Takasugi: You're the one who's no longer needed.
Takasugi: Didn't you hear me?
Takasugi: the only executioner \Nneeded in this place.
Takasugi: Off with your heads.
Matako: Lord Shinsuke!
Matako: This is how the Joi do it!
Matako: I'll follow you to hell and back!
Takechi: Are you insane?!
Takechi: You believe that we stand a \Nchance against the Harusame?
Takechi: We should be focusing our resources
Takechi: on the Greater Edo Ordinance Reg...
Bansai: You'd have to be insane...
Bansai: ...to pick a fight with \Nthe rest of the world!
Aho: Accursed monkeys!
Aho: What are you doing?!
Aho: Crush them!
Koro: What?!
Abuto: Oh?
Abuto: but you're looking better than usual.
Abuto: Blockhead.
Aho: The 7th Squad!
Aho: Impossible!
Aho: Why are they alive?!
Koro: Admiral!
Koro: Bad news!
Koro: the other squads are beginning \Nto side with them!
Koro: Th-The tables have been reversed.
Koro: Huh?
Koro: Admiral!
Aho: You won't get away with this!
Koro: A-Admiral!
Koro: Why are you running away by yourself?!
Aho: Ah! You finally said it!
Aho: You're a dead man!
Aho: Get this ship moving!
Aho: What are you doing?!
Koro: Shut up!
Aho: Don't you have a hook on your hand?!
Aho: You're supposed to be a captain!
Koro: You're supposed to be an admiral!
Koro: Huh?
Koro: H-Hey!
Koro: What's that?!
Aho: Ka-Kamui!
Kamui: I'm Admiral Nincompoop.
Kamui: I owe you big now.
Kamui: Oh well.
Kamui: Guess I'll have to put off \Nour fight for a while.
Kamui: I'm guessing the planet of samurai?
Takasugi: Evens.
Kada: Too bad...
Kada: Odds...
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: I can't remember a damn thing \Nabout the factory tour.
shinpachi: What's a Patriot supposed to be?
GINTOKI: Do you prefer Calcutta or Meso Gear?
Satsuki: Huh?
shinpachi: Ignore them.
shinpachi: Ignore their pleas for help.
Satsuki: I-I like Calcutta.
shinpachi: They randomly chose one!
shinpachi: They randomly chose Calcutta!
GINTOKI: Here.
GINTOKI: Calcutta should be \Nenjoyed while it's hot.
Satsuki: Th-Thank you very much!
shinpachi: Why didn't you just ask them \Nif they liked coffee or not?!
shinpachi: You're pissing me off!
GINTOKI: I once tried to be \Nbrave and try Calcutta.
GINTOKI: But now I'm a devout fan of Meso Gear.
GINTOKI: I believe that my \Ndedication to Meso Gear
shinpachi: He's throwing together \Na bunch of fancy phrases
GINTOKI: You could say that we are \Nessentially a secret society
GINTOKI: involved in the production \Nand sale of this Patriot.
shinpachi: That would make us Patriot salesmen!
GINTOKI: Patriot.
GINTOKI: Don't make me laugh.
shinpachi: What's with them?
shinpachi: They're pissing me off!
GINTOKI: Let me ask you this then.
GINTOKI: What's that below your nose?
GINTOKI: Every person has a peculiar indentation
GINTOKI: What is that used for?
GINTOKI: Of course.
GINTOKI: It's pretty much like that.
shinpachi: So you don't know either?!
GINTOKI: Whether it's the indentation \Nbelow your nose
GINTOKI: or the built-in microphone on the
GINTOKI: there are many things in this \Nworld that make no sense.
GINTOKI: Everything else we do is useless.
GINTOKI: Our creations fall into that category.
Daigoro: Okay.
Daigoro: So you do useless work \Nmaking useless stuff?
GINTOKI: It seems that you didn't \Nunderstand what I was saying.
GINTOKI: My point was that useless can \Nbe valuable in its own way.
Daigoro: doesn't that mean the \Nmembers are also useless?
shinpachi: What's with this kid?
Daigoro: It's clear that these Odd Jobs people
shinpachi: Wait a moment!
Kagura: a multimedia product which can be
Daigoro: Oh? Really?
Daigoro: What kind of games are \Nyou talking about?
Kagura: For example...
Kagura: You can use the Patriot missile to whack
shinpachi: You don't need the Patriot to do that!
Daigoro: I knew it.
Daigoro: I can't believe that people actually
shinpachi: Daigoro-kun?!
shinpachi: You sound like a different person \Nafter the beating to your head!
Daigoro: I've had enough.
Satsuki: Daigoro-kun!
GINTOKI: You didn't drink your Calcutta...
Daigoro: I don't like Calcutta or Meso Gear.
Daigoro: I go for Bourbon.
shinpachi: That's pretty hard-boiled!
shinpachi: What's with this kid?!
Daigoro: I'll need to work hard to find
Daigoro: Thanks for showing me what it's like
shinpachi: A child wouldn't be able to understand
Kagura: The other kids said they had fun.
Kagura: Though they tossed the Patriots \Nwe gave them as souvenirs.
GINTOKI: But I guess kids aren't impressed...
shinpachi: Th-That's not true!
GINTOKI: What can this be used for?
GINTOKI: 'Course you can't!
GINTOKI: I can't either!
GINTOKI: I'm no different from \Nthis piece of junk!
GINTOKI: Odd Jobs is trash!
GINTOKI: We do work that doesn't mean \Na damn thing to society!
shinpachi: He's completely snapped.
shinpachi: It must have been a big shock to him.
shinpachi: Huh? Isn't that Hijikata-san?
Hijikata: We patrol the streets to \Nmake sure there aren't any
Hijikata: That's the most essential \Njob of a policeman.
Hijikata: What is it?
Hijikata: Anyone who breaks the law.
Hijikata: You take those situations case by case.
Hijikata: I didn't word that right.
Hijikata: A person who makes trouble \Nfor others is a bad person.
Hijikata: The law doesn't matter.
shinpachi: He just threw out the law!
shinpachi: He got sick of trying \Nand threw out the law!
Hijikata: I'm sorry! Too much smoke for you?!
Hijikata: Please forgive me! Please forgive me!
shinpachi: This is bad!
shinpachi: He's about to lose it!
shinpachi: He's about to turn into a criminal!
Hijikata: Uh...
Hijikata: I was just joking.
Hijikata: ...people involved in the production \Nand sale of this Patriot.
shinpachi: He threw out everything and \Nbecame a Patriot salesman!
shinpachi: What's going on?!
shinpachi: Is this a new fad?!
F: Guess they weren't lying \Nwhen they said the police
shinpachi: Now it's Hijikata-san's turn to lose it.
Kagura: I didn't realize you could \Nuse the Patriot that way.
Tsukuyo: Stop this foolishness.
shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san?
Tsukuyo: And I told you to come \Nback in a hundred years.
Sa: Ooh!
Sa: Could you at least teach us how to
shinpachi: There's a very familiar \Nfreak mixed in there!
Sa: I'm in a relationship \Nwith this guy right now.
Sa: So you'll take responsibility
shinpachi: Nothing will go wrong!
shinpachi: It's all in your head!
Tsukuyo: I guess it'll be too late\Nif something goes wrong.
Tsukuyo: Allow me to explain then.
shinpachi: What are you doing with that Patriot?!
Tsukuyo: I was trying to give them a simple \Nexplanation without revealing anything...
Sa: Stop playing dumb!
Sa: Teach me the secret \Ntechniques of Yoshiwara!
Kondo: Believe in a better tomorrow \Nand stay on the trail.
Kondo: That's how you become a stalker.
shinpachi: That's not a job!
E: Oh!
E: Do you ever want to die?
shinpachi: What kind of question is that?!
Kondo: A very good question.
shinpachi: It's not a good question!
Kondo: A job is supposed to be painful.
shinpachi: How can you say that while \Npretending to be a professional?!
Madao: That is naive!
Madao: There are many people with \Njobs they absolutely hate!
Madao: Society needs these people to function!
Madao: Look at me!
Madao: You think I want to be a Patriot?!
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: I seriously have no idea what \Na Patriot is supposed to be!
Madao: But I don't have a choice!
Madao: This world needs Patriots!
shinpachi: The hell it does!
Kondo: The people who always blame others...
Kondo: ...can never have a better life.
Madao: How would you...
Madao: How would you know how it \Nfeels to be a Patriot?!
Kondo: I know.
Madao: Huh?
Kondo: After all... After all...
Kondo: I'm working two jobs as \Nboth a Patriot and a stalker!
shinpachi: That just means you fail at life!
Madao: Y-You too?
Kondo: Ask me for help.
Madao: Th-Thank you.
E: So what's a Patriot?
Both: No idea.
shinpachi: What are you people doing?
shinpachi: You grown-ups let a bunch \Nof kids bully you around.
shinpachi: It's the job of a grown-up to \Nteach kids what's important.
shinpachi: We can't let their tour end like this.
Daigoro: Letter?
Daigoro: What's this?
Kagura: were chosen from around the world
shinpachi: I'm Pachi!
Kagura: I'm Gura!
Both: We'll be your guides on this \Ntour of the factory of dreams!
shinpachi: What? You don't appreciate \Nour invitation?
Kagura: Feel free to leave.
Kagura: But you won't get any \NDokkiriman stickers.
Kagura: And you'll lose your chance \Nto learn what Patriots are.
Daigoro: Who cares about Patriots...
Sa: Look! Look!
Sa: It's a Patriot factory!
Sa: No way! I don't believe it!
Tsukuyo: I never imagined that a Patriot \Nfactory would be here!
Tsukuyo: I heard that they were only produced by
Sa: Let's take a look.
Hijikata: I immediately shot them down.
GINTOKI: Roger that.
GINTOKI: So the Succeed Committee \Nhas finally made its move.
GINTOKI: The time of Ragnarok is upon us.
GINTOKI: We must hasten the \Ndevelopment of the Patriot.
Hijikata: I also see some funny-looking kids.
Hijikata: Should I take them out?
GINTOKI: They are my guests.
GINTOKI: The last hope of humanity.
GINTOKI: The children who will \Ninherit the Patriots.
GINTOKI: Welcome to the Patriot factory tour.
Kagura: Chief!
Kagura: The kids aren't interested \Nin the Patriot.
GINTOKI: I see.
GINTOKI: But you've seen too much already.
GINTOKI: Take them out...
Kagura: You can leave.
shinpachi: Be careful on the way home.
shinpachi: This way.
Daigoro: We'll have to do as they say and \Ntour the Patriot factory.
E: But...
Kagura: Take a look at this.
shinpachi: You can see the history and
E: Isn't that a drumstick?
shinpachi: Look over here.
shinpachi: It says "not for \Nconsumption" on the side.
Kagura: The original Patriot was known as the
shinpachi: the Tang ambassador Zugomaru Kakinomoto
shinpachi: He brought ingredients \Nback from the Tang
shinpachi: And eventually we reached \Nthe current Patriot design.
shinpachi: we'll give you a tour of the factory.
shinpachi: We'll see how the \NPatriot is constructed.
shinpachi: And the stick.
shinpachi: You jack in the three \Nparts to create a Patriot.
Kagura: Look at the conveyor belt.
All: The chief is moving down the belt!
Kagura: The first step is to fix \Nthe broken factory chief.
Kids: That's where you start?!
shinpachi: The factory chief was \Nbroken to begin with.
Kagura: And then you use the \NPatriot to wake him up.
shinpachi: Then you repeat the process three times.
Kagura: The chief must settle past accounts \Nbefore he can be revived.
shinpachi: The factory chief is complete!
Kagura: This is the completed form \Nof the factory chief.
Kagura: He was born broken.
shinpachi: Otherwise known as giving \Nthe factory chief a goal.
shinpachi: The chief is absolutely necessary
shinpachi: so this can't be avoided.
Both: Hooray! Hooray! Do your best!
Sa: We believe in you!
Madao: You want to become a factory chief?!
Madao: You were destined to inherit
Madao: Go to Edo to work for a tissue factory?!
Madao: Don't look down on me!
Madao: You think that toilet paper's \Nonly meant for wiping the ass?!
Daigoro: This must be a flashback.
Kondo: Darling!
Kondo: Stop it!
Kondo: Our son is making paper in his own way!
Madao: This is a discussion between men!
Madao: Where are you going?!\N I'm not finished with you yet!
Hijikata: Good work.
Hijikata: Why are you taking a nap here?
Hijikata: Thinking about old times again?
Hijikata: Your old man was really something.
Hijikata: A family of toilet paper men \Nwho refused to use tissues.
Hijikata: He even used toilet paper \Nfor the tires on his car.
Hijikata: You left your home \Nbecause you didn't want
Hijikata: You still refuse to use toilet paper?
Hijikata: You're just as stubborn as your father.
Hijikata: I'm sure he'd be willing to use tissues.
Kondo: He never changed...
Kondo: He was always so stubborn.
Kondo: He used toilet paper to wipe \Nhis ass and blow his nose.
Kondo: Tissues weren't good enough for him.
Daigoro: D-Don't tell me...
Daigoro: It can't be...
Daigoro: No way...
GINTOKI: Toilet paper and tissue join together.
GINTOKI: The ultimate paper for \Nwiping away your tears.
Daigoro: Th-That's the Patriot!
GINTOKI: We will now proceed to the final \Nstep for creating a Patriot.
shinpachi: Do you still think that \NPatriots are trash?
Kagura: Do you still think that \Nthis job is trash?
shinpachi: Jobs aren't meant to be compared.
shinpachi: you're doing your job.
shinpachi: Every job deserves respect.
shinpachi: Because the world needs \Nall of us to do our jobs.
shinpachi: Would you like to try doing your job?
Both: Go help the factory chief.
GINTOKI: K-Kids...
Kids: You should have just gotten \Nyour ass off the conveyor belt!
Daigoro: Those damn fools wasted our \Ntime with that stupid show.
shinpachi: That was an educational experience.
Kagura: Yep.
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: What happens twice can happen thrice!
Madao: You don't get to have fun!
Madao: Four Eyes!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: They're checking to see if the water is safe.
GINTOKI: I'll be using inception to...
GINTOKI: I'm sick of watching kids with
GINTOKI: I'm here to see girls with some jugs.
GINTOKI: Whoo! You're right! She's got jugs!
GINTOKI: Giant jugs!
GINTOKI: Nope...
GINTOKI: It's just a drunk terminator.
Seita: Oh! Gin-san!
Seita: Long time no see!
Madao: Huh? What?
Madao: You know this hot babe?
Tsukuyo: What a coincidence.
Tsukuyo: How have you been?
Madao: but he just died.
GINTOKI: Why are you guys here?
Tsukuyo: Hinowa asked me to teach Seita how to swim.
Tsukuyo: but it seems to be just like Yoshiwara.
Tsukuyo: Men and women enjoying themselves
Madao: That's not what this place is for!
Seita: Tsukuyo-nee!
Seita: I wanna go down the slide!
Madao: That's right.
Madao: That would be for an adult pool!
Madao: Hey!
Madao: What the hell are you teaching him?!
Madao: This isn't a Yoshiwara pool!
Tsukuyo: Let's go then.
Madao: Wait!
Madao: We're going too fast because of the lotion!
Seita: Again! Again!
Tsukuyo: One more time and that's it.
Madao: W-Wait...
Madao: Shit! Did someone get hit?!
Madao: There's been an accident on my watch!
Katsura: Elizabeth! The watermelon's nice and cold now!
Katsura: Let's split it open...
Madao: We're losing customers because of those idiots.
Madao: What?!
Madao: An adult in the kiddie pool teaching a kid how to swim!
Madao: Adults aren't allowed in there!
GINTOKI: What?! She's got big jugs?!
GINTOKI: She's wearing a cup?
Madao: The kid is...
Madao: Is she really a kid?
Madao: She's pretty big.
Madao: I think she's taller than the beanpole with cups.
Madao: Isn't that a man?
Madao: That's the body of a boy.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: It suddenly got dark.
Madao: Same here.
Otae: Who were you calling Robert De Flato?
GINTOKI: M-My mistake...
Madao: You must be Sylvester Stallone.
Otae: Are you blind?!
GINTOKI: I-I see...
GINTOKI: Tasteful cups on a beanpole...
Kyu: This is why I didn't want to come!
Kyu: I hate swimsuits! I hate the pool!
Otae: Kyu-chan!
Otae: The hell are you bastards doing?!
Otae: Do you want me to strangle you?!
GINTOKI: You've got it wrong!
GINTOKI: We were doing our job as lifeguards!
Otae: Zip it!
GINTOKI: Our noses?!
GINTOKI: Adults aren't allowed in here!
Otae: Don't blame us!
Otae: It's my fault for forcing you to come here...
GINTOKI: Kyu-chan looks pretty happy!
GINTOKI: She's taking full advantage of the situation!
Otae: Enough is enough!
Otae: We're turning you in to the police!
Otae: That's the quickest solution!
GINTOKI: This is all a misunderstanding!
Kondo: Otae-san!
Kondo: Allow me to handle this!
Kondo: I have proof of their crime on tape!
Kondo: I'll arrest them on the spot!
Otae: Arrest yourself!
Tojo: Lady!
Tojo: I have filmed the evildoings of that cop!
Tojo: The stalker is finished!
Tojo: Our plan is a success!
Kyu: I was never part of any plan!
Sa: I finally got a shot of your willy peeking out!
GINTOKI: You have nothing to do with what's going on here!
Madao: The customers are running away again!
Madao: Wait!
Madao: Hey! Hold on!
Madao: I don't believe this!
Madao: Somebody's died on my watch!
Katsura: Got it!
Katsura: We'll feast like kings tonight!
shinpachi: That's such a blast!
Seita: I know!
Seita: Tsukuyo-nee! Again! Just one more time!
Madao: Only the idiots are left now.
Madao: This is the busiest time of the year.
GINTOKI: An accident was bound to happen
GINTOKI: You should be glad that those kids are gone.
GINTOKI: Let's get some rest today.
Madao: I see. You're right.
GINTOKI: That's right!
GINTOKI: The only people who watch this show
GINTOKI: are the ones who don't feel like watching the news!
GINTOKI: Nobody will notice if we take a week off!
Madao: Damn!
Madao: You've got me all fired up now!
Madao: Can I take off my clothes?!
Madao: Can I do the butterfly butt naked?!
GINTOKI: Can I make a pool of strawberry milk?!
GINTOKI: Can I drown in a pool of strawberry milk?!
Madao: Doesn't matter! Doesn't matter!
Both: ...is our paradise!
Matsu: Hey.
Matsu: Let me borrow some swimming trunks.
GINTOKI: Th-That's...
Matsu: A pool like this should have plenty to rent.
Matsu: One!
Shogun: There's no need to worry.
GINTOKI: Th-That's...
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that's...!
Shogun: Shoguns have traditionally gone swimming in tighty whities.
Both: The...  The...
Both: Shogun?!
Matsu: Everyone will be able to see through
Matsu: We'll have an Abarenbo Shogun
Shogun: It cannot be avoided.
Shogun: Shoguns have traditionally been lonely down there.
Both: I-Is that really the problem here?
Shogun: I've always been interested in swimming in a pool.
Shogun: This is an excellent opportunity for me to experience
Matsu: I'll be waiting at the usual cabaret club.
Matsu: Teach him how to have fun at the pool.
Matsu: Don't let anyone find out that he's the shogun.
Matsu: Keep that in mind.
Both: W-Wait a moment!
Shogun: Call me Sho-chan.
Shogun: Let's enjoy ourselves.
GINTOKI: I-I was all ready to enjoy having the pool to myself!
GINTOKI: Why did the shogun have to show up now?!
GINTOKI: Why does the shogun always show up at the worst possible time?!
GINTOKI: Why is he only washing himself down there?!
GINTOKI: This isn't funny.
GINTOKI: We aren't dealing with a normal pool here!
GINTOKI: The idiots of Edo are all
GINTOKI: This is the Bermuda Triangle of Idiots!
Shogun: They seem to be enjoying themselves.
Shogun: I would like to join them.
GINTOKI: Sending the shogun out there
GINTOKI: would be like throwing a
GINTOKI: It's too late to worry about it now.
GINTOKI: while entertaining the shogun until he leaves!
GINTOKI: Give the shogun a cap and goggles
Kagura: What's up?
Kagura: Do you want to join us?
GINTOKI: There's this Sho-chan person...
GINTOKI: He wants to join in the fun.
Otae: We don't mind at all.
Sa: I think it's cute.
Sa: Some kids don't know how to make friends.
Tojo: I already consider you a friend!
Tojo: But you aren't allowed to talk to the Lady!
Tsukuyo: but isn't he in his underwear instead of a swimsuit?
Kyu: Good point.
Kyu: Isn't that against the rules?
Kyu: He's making me uncomfortable.
Sa: There isn't much of a difference
Sa: 10th and 14th shouldn't be so stingy!
shinpachi: Are you people ever going to get over that?
Kagura: They're different!
Kagura: Underwear is dirty because you wear it for a long time!
GINTOKI: His underwear is clean
GINTOKI: since he comes from a pretty high-class background.
Otae: I can see something on his underwear.
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
GINTOKI: Stop!
Kondo: She's right!
Kondo: The tip is a little moist.
GINTOKI: I said to stop!
GINTOKI: That's just the disinfectant!
Otae: Are you sure about that?
Otae: We should check the other side.
Otae: Excuse me!
Otae: Could you turn around?
GINTOKI: There isn't any poop on his underwear!
Madao: Ah! Wait!
GINTOKI: You idiots!
GINTOKI: What do we do now?!
Otae: Close call...
Sa: How frightening...
Tsukuyo: Wait a moment.
Tsukuyo: He's back.
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: Did he just trade with Hasegawa-san?
GINTOKI: Who cares?! He's wearing a swimsuit now!
Kagura: But there's a 60% chance that
GINTOKI: What's that supposed to mean?!
Otae: There's a 100% chance that Hasegawa-san's are dirtier.
GINTOKI: How cruel can you get?!
Kondo: She's right!
Kondo: The tip is a little moist!
Tojo: What's wrong with that man?!
Tojo: How many times will he release his load before he's satisfied?!
GINTOKI: Don't make it sound dirty!
Sa: Stay out!
Sa: I don't want to become pregnant with a child that isn't Gin-san's!
GINTOKI: Stop!
Madao: Uh...  Let's introduce him again.
GINTOKI: This is Sho-chan...
GINTOKI: Everyone be nice now.
Otae: Um...
Otae: Don't let him off the boat.
Kagura: Make sure he doesn't touch the water.
Madao: A-Are you sure about this?
Madao: This is bad! He's really mad!
GINTOKI: Calm down.
GINTOKI: We just have to give him a summer experience that he'll never forget.
GINTOKI: What does summer make you think of?
GINTOKI: What does the pool make you think of?
GINTOKI: What do swimsuits make you think of?
Madao: You can't mean...!
GINTOKI: The Exciting Underwater Cavalry Battle for Samurai!
Madao: N-Nipslips!
Madao: Women grabbing at each other in the water!
Madao: With heaving bosoms!
Madao: We can turn the shogun's tears of sorrow into tears of joy!
GINTOKI: One person will be the rider on the boat!
GINTOKI: The other will be the horse who pulls the boat!
GINTOKI: If the rider falls off the boat
Seita: Let's play! Let's play! Let's play!
Kondo: Boat! Bring me a boat!
Madao: They caught on.
Madao: You've convinced the guys
GINTOKI: Why would...?
GINTOKI: Why are the guys on the boats?!
GINTOKI: We can already see your nipples!
GINTOKI: These guys are so desperate to see skin
GINTOKI: that they haven't realized how it's impossible with this set up!
Sa: I can be Gin-san's horse!
Sa: Gin-san's gonna ride me!
GINTOKI: I have no idea what she's even trying to do!
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san's about to turn into a castaway!
GINTOKI: Use your head before you pair up.
GINTOKI: The stronger partner should be the horse!
Kagura: That's what we did.
GINTOKI: She's right!
GINTOKI: The girls are all stronger here!
Otae: You were probably planning something dirty.
Otae: I could see right through you.
GINTOKI: Nobody wants to see your crater of a chest!
GINTOKI: We're not on the moon!
Kondo: Otae-san! I'm prepared to explore every crater on you...
Kondo: ...to find the nipple!
Otae: You want me to strangle you?!
Tsukuyo: Don't play dumb.
Tsukuyo: It's written all over your faces.
Seita: Where?!
Seita: We weren't going to do anything dirty!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
GINTOKI: Nobody was thinking about anything dirty.
GINTOKI: The Shogun was?!
GINTOKI: You're getting carried away with the fantasizing...
GINTOKI: You're giving away the plan...
Shogun: Shoguns have traditionally been
GINTOKI: I don't care!
GINTOKI: Could you go to sleep right now?!
GINTOKI: The winner decides if he wants to be the rider or the horse!
GINTOKI: And the loser has to dive from the highest spot!
Tsukuyo: How is that related to the cavalry battle?
GINTOKI: Who cares?! It's more fun when there's a penalty!
GINTOKI: You girls better get ready to show some skin!
GINTOKI: It's the Shogun?!
GINTOKI: Don't you realize who I'm doing this for?!
GINTOKI: Why are you picking up weird urges?!
Tsukuyo: We're looking at an old man with a wedgie.
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: You'll never see a more noble wedgie in your lifetime!
Otae: You were probably planning something dirty again.
Otae: I can see right through you.
GINTOKI: Nobody wants to see your camel toe!
GINTOKI: I'm not Lawrence of Arabia!
Kondo: Otae-san! I have no interest in camel toe!
Otae: You don't?!
Kyu: Don't play dumb.
Kyu: The jig is up.
Tojo: I would never dare!
Tojo: We had pure intentions!
Kyu: How do you explain that then?
GINTOKI: The SS Adventurer?!
Kyu: You were going to use him to trick us
GINTOKI: Why would this image
GINTOKI: He's clearly a victim!
Kyu: That hole was asking for a flag to be planted.
Kyu: What a naughty trap...
GINTOKI: You people are the naughty ones when
GINTOKI: Sho-chan!
Shogun: SS Adventurers have traditionally
GINTOKI: Get a hold of yourself!
GINTOKI: You're not the SS Adventurer!
GINTOKI: You're the almighty shogun!
GINTOKI: Huh?
Kagura: Cut straight to the chase.
Kagura: How's that?
Otae: I like it.
Kyubei: A brilliant idea.
Tsukuyo: All the skin you could ever want.
Tsukuyo: Isn't that nice?
GINTOKI: Hold it right there!
GINTOKI: It's painfully obvious that this is going to end badly!
GINTOKI: Hey! Who said you could start?!
GINTOKI: This isn't funny!
GINTOKI: I can't let the shogun embarrass himself again!
Tojo: You won't escape!
Tojo: Lady! Are you watching my heroics?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Stop screwing around!
GINTOKI: You're crushing Sho-chan's crotch!
GINTOKI: This is bad!
GINTOKI: It's gonna snap! It's gonna snap!
GINTOKI: Too much!
GINTOKI: Didn't he lose already?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Enough already! Stop it!
Seita: His underwear is mine!
GINTOKI: What are these people doing?!
GINTOKI: Why are you fighting to the death over a guy's underwear?!
Kondo: I won't lose!
Kondo: This is for Otae-san...
All: For the girls and their dreams of seeing male skin!
GINTOKI: They don't give a damn about you!
GINTOKI: They're busy playing beach volleyball!
GINTOKI: It's completely off!
GINTOKI: It's not even underwear anymore!
GINTOKI: He walked over to buy a can of coffee!
GINTOKI: He walked over with his underwear stretched
shinpachi: I-Impossible!
Kondo: We can't even make him budge!
All: Who is this man?!
Shogun: Shoguns have traditionally worn elastic tighty whities.
Shogun: I appreciate your help.
Shogun: The pool is a fun place.
Shogun: Thank you for providing me with a wonderful summer experience.
Shogun: May I come back next summer?
Katsura: This lotion is great!
Katsura: I feel like I can topple the Bakufu right now!
GINTOKI: No more...
shinpachi: Next time:
shinpachi: The pincers of a crab can snip through a friendship!
GINTOKI: Let's do this peacefully.
shinpachi: That's true.
shinpachi: Let's share this crab.
GINTOKI: There's plenty for everyone here.
shinpachi: But how do we split ten legs between three people?
shinpachi: One will be left over...
shinpachi: Huh? What's going on?
Kagura: A blackout?
shinpachi: I'll go check the circuit breaker.
shinpachi: Ow!
GINTOKI: You're already out of steam after the Four Devas arc?
GINTOKI: Stop slackin' off!
shinpachi: The author was overwhelmed
GINTOKI: What?
Kagura: A bunch of one-shots from big shots?
GINTOKI: One of those guys clearly doesn't fit!
GINTOKI: There's a gorilla in the mix!
Kagura: And he was unabashed about it!
shinpachi: What are you guys talking about?
shinpachi: I just checked the circuit breaker and it's fine.
shinpachi: Power's back.
shinpachi: The Holy Crab was injured during the blackout.
GINTOKI: Maybe he bumped into the table?
Kagura: It wasn't me!
Kagura: I'm not evil enough to steal food while the power's out!
shinpachi: It obviously wasn't me!
shinpachi: So it was one of you two!
Kagura: What was that?!
Kagura: You probably swiped the leg
Kagura: when you were pretending to go check the circuit breaker!
Kagura: You said ow!
Kagura: You probably cut yourself on the crab!
shinpachi: I hit my head on the screen!
GINTOKI: It's not possible to eat one
GINTOKI: The Holy Crab must have been trying to stop us from fighting.
GINTOKI: Each of us gets three legs...
shinpachi: You only get two!
Kagura: Your mouth is bleeding because you didn't remove the shell!
shinpachi: How desperate were you?!
GINTOKI: What are you guys talking about?
shinpachi: Who would believe that story?!
GINTOKI: It's pretty bad.
GINTOKI: He must be completely stressed out.
All: Ah!
shinpachi: One more time and you're gonna get it.
GINTOKI: Cross my heart and hope to die.
GINTOKI: We don't know when the gorilla will come back.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan?!
Kagura: Stop!
shinpachi: Ka-Kagura-chan!
Kagura: My eye... My eye!
GINTOKI: It's okay.
GINTOKI: You just have a cut on your eyelid.
Kagura: A gorilla...
Kagura: I tried to stop it... But...
GINTOKI: It took another crab leg!
GINTOKI: This is all Legend Gorilla's fault!
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: There's blood on the claw.
shinpachi: Didn't you just cut your eye
Kagura: No!
Kagura: The gorilla!
Kagura: The gorilla grabbed the crab and stabbed me with it!
Kagura: No!
Kagura: I fought back and bit off the gorilla's crotch!
GINTOKI: Damn gorilla...
shinpachi: Enough of this crap.
shinpachi: Stop blaming the gorilla for everything!
shinpachi: It's so obvious that you ate those crab legs!
Kagura: It was the gorilla. The gorilla ate them.
shinpachi: We'll use a candle to prevent any further cheating
GINTOKI: Should have done this earlier.
GINTOKI: Not that I ever cheated.
GINTOKI: Since gorillas are afraid of fire.
shinpachi: Then I'll divide up the legs so we can eat.
GINTOKI: Give me a claw.
GINTOKI: I like the tougher meat.
Kagura: Something's wrong today.
GINTOKI: What's going on?
GINTOKI: I'll go check the circuit breaker.
Kagura: I'll come with you.
GINTOKI: I'm gonna borrow a candle.
shinpachi: Huh? What are they doing?
shinpachi: They're leaving me alone with the crab?
shinpachi: The crab is undefended!
shinpachi: Is this a trap?!
shinpachi: Or are they letting me have my way with it?
shinpachi: I should go for it!
shinpachi: They already swiped two legs!
shinpachi: I don't have time to waste!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: There aren't any legs left...
GINTOKI: Huh? This candle won't light.
GINTOKI: This one won't either.
GINTOKI: Nor this one.
Kagura: These aren't candles...
Kagura: They're crab legs.
shinpachi: What?!
shinpachi: That was when I realized how foolish I was.
shinpachi: When I chose to focus on how to divide the legs among three people...
shinpachi: How to squirrel the extra leg away from them...
shinpachi: I was thinking too small.
shinpachi: I lost before I even sat down at the table.
shinpachi: They never had any intention of sharing a single crab leg.
shinpachi: My tiny claw could never pierce
shinpachi: I will never stand a chance
shinpachi: for plundering the entire world of every last crab!
GINTOKI: What's up with all the outages?
Kagura: Let's try to get this crab party started again.
shinpachi: No...
shinpachi: Only the body and claws are left.
GINTOKI: What's done is done.
GINTOKI: I wasn't expecting people
shinpachi: In what world would you find people who
Kagura: It's Shinpachi's fault for leaving the crab legs next to the candles.
shinpachi: And you're trying to shift the blame to me
GINTOKI: Let's forgive him.
Kagura: Divide the crab into three equal portions.
shinpachi: How can you people have the gall to talk about equal?!
shinpachi: I want to hit them!
shinpachi: Punch them in the face!
shinpachi: They've been trying to goad me into snapping
shinpachi: Forget that shit!
shinpachi: You guys already ate eight crab legs!
shinpachi: The rest is mine!
shinpachi: That's what they want me to say.
shinpachi: But they'll have a response prepared.
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid.
GINTOKI: Two of the legs were eaten by that gorilla.
GINTOKI: We each ate three of the remaining six.
GINTOKI: Thanks to someone else's mistake...
GINTOKI: But we're sharing the body.
shinpachi: They'll use some kind of absurd logic to
shinpachi: That's why he said that line.
GINTOKI: Give me a claw.
GINTOKI: I like the tougher meat.
shinpachi: He was trying to inflate the value of the claws
shinpachi: as part of his strategy to fool me.
shinpachi: But it's all a lie!
shinpachi: That guy was feigning interest in
shinpachi: He'll use the claws to distract
shinpachi: I won't let that happen!
shinpachi: I'm going to fight back!
shinpachi: Fine then.
shinpachi: I'll let you guys have the claws.
shinpachi: Which means I'm stuck with the body.
GINTOKI: C-Could it be...
GINTOKI: He's using my statement about the claws
GINTOKI: completely ignoring the claws
GINTOKI: And he's pretending that he's doing us a favor
GINTOKI: by taking the body so he can win over the kid.
GINTOKI: A technique practiced by dads around the world!
Kagura: I don't like the body cause it's all squishy and gross.
shinpachi: Same here.
GINTOKI: Women and children tend to avoid it.
GINTOKI: But the dad knows
GINTOKI: Shi-Shinpachi...
GINTOKI: You already know the secret of
GINTOKI: Yet you know that her repulsive face hides...
GINTOKI: ...the finest lay of the Sengoku period!
shinpachi: but you haven't won the war.
shinpachi: You must take the body...
shinpachi: Take Princess Crab-Paste...
shinpachi: if you wish to become a Crabqueror!
shinpachi: I will be the one who conquers the world!
shinpachi: Princess Crab-Paste!
shinpachi: Are you all right?
shinpachi: Don't worry! Everything will be okay!
shinpachi: The Shimura army will keep you safe!
shinpachi: The Sakata army approaches.
shinpachi: It is too dangerous here!
shinpachi: We must escape at once!
shinpachi: Th-That's...
shinpachi: That's impossible...
shinpachi: Pr-Princess Crab-Paste...
GINTOKI: Princess Crab-Paste?
GINTOKI: Who are you talking about?
shinpachi: I-Impossible!
shinpachi: It isn't just Princess Crab-Paste!
shinpachi: The body is...
shinpachi: ...completely empty!
GINTOKI: I took the meat from the body and cooked it with rice.
shinpachi: C-Cooked it with rice?!
GINTOKI: This castle belongs to the Sakata army now!
GINTOKI: And Princess Crab-Paste has fallen into our hands!
GINTOKI: This castle no longer holds any strategic value!
shinpachi: It can't be...
shinpachi: General Sakata...
shinpachi: You anticipated that I would anticipate your plan?!
GINTOKI: Absolutely not.
shinpachi: N-No...
shinpachi: He knew all along...
shinpachi: ...that my focus was on the body.
shinpachi: and pretended to be Princess Crab-Paste.
GINTOKI: We even took the claws.
GINTOKI: You ended up without a single bite of crab.
shinpachi: I misjudged him!
GINTOKI: But it's not our fault.
GINTOKI: You're the one who let us have them.
GINTOKI: The meat!
GINTOKI: The meat of the Crabclaw is gone!
Kagura: The meat is right here.
Kagura: Ta-da!
GINTOKI: Da-Daigoro!
Kagura: Why do you like the claws so much?
Kagura: There's more meat in the leg below the claw.
Kagura: Silly Gin-chan.
GINTOKI: I spent too much time talking about claws!
GINTOKI: but you took advantage of my battle with General Shimura
GINTOKI: to use my own words against me.
GINTOKI: You were sent by Iga?!
Kagura: You aren't the only one
Kagura: who intends to take advantage
Kagura: A true tactician would lay low until
Kagura: Viper!
Kagura: I grant you an eternal slumber inside that empty shell!
GINTOKI: Not yet...
GINTOKI: I can still conquer the world...
GINTOKI: but I used the treasures of the castle to create a new paradise!
GINTOKI: Castle Crab-on-Rice belongs to me!
GINTOKI: And Princess Crab-Paste is in my hands!
GINTOKI: Th-That's...?!
GINTOKI: Castle Crab-Juice!
GINTOKI: I-Impossible!
GINTOKI: This man has gathered his surviving forces
shinpachi: Gin-san!
shinpachi: There's more to a crab than its meat!
shinpachi: Even the shell has its flavor!
GINTOKI: Curse you!
GINTOKI: You plan to pit leftover juices against my crab-on-rice
shinpachi: Grant me the right to access Castle Crab-on-Rice
shinpachi: and meet with Princess Crab-Paste!
GINTOKI: Preposterous!
GINTOKI: How dare you seek to bargain
shinpachi: Who said anything about equal footing?!
GINTOKI: S-Seventy percent?!
GINTOKI: You overestimate what you hold!
shinpachi: Your castle serves as little more than decoration!
shinpachi: Crab on rice requires flavorful vegetables
shinpachi: You can no longer survive
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous!
GINTOKI: You have underestimated the potency of my hand-salted rice!
GINTOKI: Fire!
shinpachi: Fire!
GINTOKI: Wh-What did you say?!
GINTOKI: This is like Gian vs. Nobita!
GINTOKI: We're a perfect match!\NThe ultimate combination!
GINTOKI: Best friends forever!
shinpachi: Time to let me take over the world!
GINTOKI: Silence!
GINTOKI: I have my own Doraemon in Princess Crab-Paste!
shinpachi: Wh-What?!
GINTOKI: This shaking...
Kagura: It'll taste better this way.
GINTOKI: Tha-
shinpachi: That's...
Both: That's...!
Both: The castle in the sky!
Both: Crab-Congee-Laputa!
GINTOKI: I-Impossible!
GINTOKI: Castle Crab-on-Rice and Castle Crab-Juice
shinpachi: She's stolen our cooking to create the ultimate recipe
shinpachi: and lay claim to the mantle of conqueror!
Both: You're...!
GINTOKI: You're no ordinary assassin of Iga!
Kagura: Exactly.
Kagura: I'm neither Daigoro nor an assassin of Iga.
Kagura: My true name is Kagura Crab Congee Laputa.
Kagura: A descendant of the royal family
Kagura: which ruled over the ancient city of Crab-Congee-Laputa.
Kagura: for I never could have
Kagura: Excellent work.
Kagura: I appreciate your efforts.
shinpachi: O-One egg can cause this much damage?!
GINTOKI: A little stirring and the smell has me drooling!
Both: Th-This is the true power of crab!
Paste: Please stop her...
shinpachi: Pr-
shinpachi: Princess Crab-Paste!
Paste: Stop fighting over crab!
Paste: Crabs were never meant to create conflict.
Paste: Crabs are meant to bring everyone
Paste: Wasn't that your original intention?
Kagura: {\a6}Magnificent!
Paste: It's not too late!
Kagura: {\a6}The finest show on Earth!
Paste: The three of you can share this meal together.
GINTOKI: It's too late.
GINTOKI: Our souls are enraged by the long battle.
shinpachi: We can never bury this hatchet.
Paste: It will be fine.
Paste: I will help to mend fences.
Paste: The savory flavor of crab paste is gentle as the ocean.
Paste: I'm sure that it will soothe your souls
Both: Balse appetit.
Kagura: Forget it.
Kagura: You can have the rest.
shinpachi: Let's get this crab party restarted...
shinpachi: It tastes too fishy.
GINTOKI: Imitation crab is better.
Paste: Band together
Paste: to eat cheap food!
Kagura: Next time:
Iwamatsu: I was really surprised.
Iwamatsu: O-Of course!
Iwamatsu: You're not gonna find too \Nmany people this strong!
Kagura: Is this your first time \Nin the Kabuki District?
Iwamatsu: but I don't know my way around the city.
Kagura: Want me to show you around?
Kagura: I can show you some nice places \Nin return for the meat bun.
Iwamatsu: What? Really?
Kagura: You can ask me anything \Nabout the Kabuki District.
Kagura: of irritated guys who \Nwill want to hit you.
Iwamatsu: it will be harder for me \Nto control my strength
Kagura: Leave it to me.
Kagura: I know the perfect place.
Iwamatsu: What's this place?
Kagura: A bar for drinking cheap booze.
Kagura: The patrons don't have much money.
Kagura: Most of them come here to \Nbitch about their life.
Iwamatsu: I see.
Iwamatsu: There should be plenty of \Nirritated patrons here.
Iwamatsu: The queen of the Kabuki \NDistrict knows her territory.
Iwamatsu: My first customer just happened to be
Iwamatsu: But I shouldn't need to be scared \Nof a bunch of old drunks.
Otose: Don't come here if don't have any money!
Catherine: You're always drinking \Nand never paying up!
Catherine: This isn't your home!
Otose: Crush! Crush! Crush!
Iwamatsu: M-My potential customers \Nare already punching bags!
Kagura: This guy sells himself \Nas a punching bag.
Kagura: Want to blow off some steam?
Kagura: You can hit him as many \Ntimes as you want.
Iwamatsu: Wait! I refuse! It's obvious \Nthat they have no money!
Madao: Punching bag?
Madao: People treat me like a \Npunching bag every day.
Madao: People like me should die.
Iwamatsu: This guy's dangerous!
Iwamatsu: He's not irritated! He \Nshould be on suicide watch!
Kagura: This guy sells himself \Nas a punching bag.
GINTOKI: Punching bag?
GINTOKI: Can I?
GINTOKI: Don't blame me though.
GINTOKI: He might go from punching \Nbag to body bag.
Iwamatsu: You're scaring me!
Iwamatsu: What's wrong with this snack bar?!
Iwamatsu: Why are the customers all deranged?!
Kagura: Don't worry.
Kagura: Gin-chan and Madao can \Nbe super when they try.
Iwamatsu: They're completely smashed!  \NAnd they're broke!
Iwamatsu: Forget it! Forget it!
Iwamatsu: I'll look for customers somewhere else!
GINTOKI: Don't make fun of me.
GINTOKI: Everybody's obsessed with money!
GINTOKI: So I don't have money.
GINTOKI: I still got something \Nthat's damn valuable.
Iwamatsu: It's an NES cartridge!
GINTOKI: You fool!
GINTOKI: Destiny of an Emperor \Nwas a brilliant RPG that
Iwamatsu: Who cares?!
Iwamatsu: And the name Takeshi \Nis written on there!
Iwamatsu: You obviously borrowed \Nit and never returned it!
Madao: Isn't that the game I let you borrow?!
GINTOKI: You were just letting me borrow a game
GINTOKI: that you borrowed from someone \Nelse and never returned!
GINTOKI: It doesn't belong to you!
Madao: Shut up!
Madao: How can you sell something that \Nyou borrowed from someone else?!
GINTOKI: You're the one who let me borrow a \Ngame you borrowed from someone else!
Madao: Let go!
GINTOKI: Stop it!
Iwamatsu: This might be the most \Npointless fight ever!
Madao: Bastard! What was that for?!
Madao: Destiny of an Emperor \Nwas Three-Kingdom'd!
GINTOKI: That's not funny!
Madao: Apologize to Takeshi!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: You should apologize to Takeshi!
Iwamatsu: Apologize to the people who \Nare watching this crap on TV!
Kagura: I guess they won't need a punching bag.
Iwamatsu: I'm pretty sure they never did.
Iwamatsu: Could you take me to a place
Kagura: Hmm...
Kagura: Energetic...
Kagura: I guess there's a place.
Iwamatsu: There is?
Iwamatsu: Could you take me there?
Katsura: It is time for action!
Katsura: We must punish the dogs \Nof the hated Bakufu
Katsura: And...
Katsura: ...do this to all of their toilet paper!
Katsura: Turn the roll so it comes out backwards!
Iwamatsu: Who are these idiots?
Kagura: Energetic terrorists.
Iwamatsu: Terrorists?!
Iwamatsu: Why did you bring me here?!
Kagura: They have plenty of energy.
Kagura: I'm sure they'll be great customers.
Kagura: Want to warm up before you \Ngo take on the Shinsengumi?
Kagura: I brought a punching bag!
Katsura: Punching bag?
Kagura: You can beat up this human \Npunching bag for a whole minute.
Kagura: Pretend that he's from the Shinsengumi \Nand vent your frustration!
Iwamatsu: Ah! Wait!
Iwamatsu: I can't handle all of you at once!
Iwamatsu: One at a time!
Katsura: A samurai should never attack someone
Katsura: And you call yourself Joi patriots?!
Katsura: I apologize for their behavior.
Katsura: Forgive us.
Katsura: They are normally well-behaved.
Katsura: I suppose that they're excited \Nabout the upcoming battle.
Katsura: I wish to settle accounts.
Katsura: Could you please give each member
Iwamatsu: I'm asking you to hit me!
Iwamatsu: Don't worry about it.
Iwamatsu: I'm asking you to hit me.
Katsura: But I will not accept it!
Kagura: {\a6}Watch your tongue!
Katsura: You must slap each of \Nthem the way she is!
Iwamatsu: Why are you punching them?!
Iwamatsu: I can't put food on the \Ntable by hitting you people!
Iwamatsu: I'm begging you to hit me!
Katsura: You are so generous!
Katsura: I understand.
Katsura: I am responsible for \Nthe failures of my men.
Katsura: I shall also offer...
Iwamatsu: That's not the issue here!
Iwamatsu: Why?!
Iwamatsu: What does Super Monkey Adventure \Nhave to do with anything?!
Katsura: I intended to return this game to you...
Katsura: Such sorrow!
Iwamatsu: And it's another game that was \Nnever returned to Takeshi!
Iwamatsu: Who's Takeshi?!
Iwamatsu: Is it the same Takeshi?!
Katsura: Not another word!
Iwamatsu: Hey! I can't tell if \NTakeshi is loved or hated!
Okita: The gig's up!
Okita: Katsura!
Okita: Turn yourself in!
Katsura: Shit!
Katsura: The enemy has learned of our plan!
Katsura: Then I have no choice!
Joi: Take this!
Joi: Super Monkey Adventure!
Iwamatsu: Why are you throwing cartridges?!
Iwamatsu: And how many copies do you have?!
Okita: They escaped outside!
Okita: Contact the 3rd Squad!
Okita: Huh? China girl?
Okita: Why are you here?
Okita: A punching bag?
Kagura: Yup. You must be pissed \Nabout letting Zura escape.
Kagura: You can use him to blow off some steam.
Okita: It's not my thing.
Okita: There's nothing fun about hitting \Nsomeone who wants to be hit.
Okita: But I love to see the contorted \Nfaces of people in pain.
Iwamatsu: You're twisted!
Iwamatsu: What's wrong with this guy?!
Iwamatsu: Is he really a cop?!
Iwamatsu: That would make me a sick bastard!
Kagura: Pay up.
Iwamatsu: Huh?
Kagura: I'm telling you to pay up!
Iwamatsu: What?!
Iwamatsu: I'm supposed to pay him to hit me?!
Iwamatsu: I'm trying to make money here!
Kagura: and then you turn around and go back
Kagura: Aren't you a punching bag?!
Iwamatsu: That would make me some kind of S&M \Nfreak who's paying to be punished!
Iwamatsu: Why is this happening?
Okita: Pretend like you're \Nback in middle school.
Iwamatsu: That's my whole allowance.
Okita: Now like you're a foreigner.
Iwamatsu: All the money!
Iwamatsu: But not the body!
Okita: I guess I'll let you go this time.
Iwamatsu: That was highway robbery!
Iwamatsu: Give me back my money!
Iwamatsu: Aren't you a cop?!
Iwamatsu: You want a fight?!
Kondo: Sorry.
Kondo: It appears that one of \Nmy men was upsetting you.
Iwamatsu: What?
Kondo: Sorry!
Iwamatsu: Huh? Should a cop be doing this?
Kondo: Please! It's not a big \Ndeal! Just take it!
Iwamatsu: Are you sure about this?
Kondo: It's perfectly fine.
Kondo: I'm counting on your silence.
Kondo: Hemosoro suparami bachiguso nemosamu...
Iwamatsu: It's a spell of resurrection!
Iwamatsu: For what game?!
Iwamatsu: I don't need this crap!
Iwamatsu: It's a worthless piece of paper!
Iwamatsu: How many of your games are \Nfloating around out there?!
Iwamatsu: Why did you even bother \Nwriting your name?!
Iwamatsu: Everybody must hate you!
Iwamatsu: Your crap's scattered around the \Nworld like the Dragon Balls!
Yamazaki: I apologize for my \Nsuperior's rude behavior.
Yamazaki: Please keep this quiet.
Iwamatsu: No more.
Iwamatsu: Hey!
Iwamatsu: I don't need any more \Nspells of resurrection!
Yamazaki: Anpan anpan anpan anpan anpan anpan \Nanpan anpan anpan anpan anpan anpan...
Iwamatsu: What is he trying to resurrect?!
Iwamatsu: What the hell?!
Iwamatsu: What does this mean?!
Iwamatsu: He just said something.
Iwamatsu: What did he say?!
Iwamatsu: Did he just curse me?!
Iwamatsu: Hey! Wait!
Iwamatsu: Is it really okay?!
Kagura: Sorry I couldn't help you.
Iwamatsu: It's okay.
Iwamatsu: I'll give up on being a punching bag.
Iwamatsu: I guess this town doesn't need one.
Iwamatsu: There aren't any nasty \Npeople in this town
Iwamatsu: who get pleasure out of hitting \Nsomeone who doesn't fight back.
Iwamatsu: The people here tackle their problems
Iwamatsu: I knew that the people \Nin this town were strong.
Kagura: Really?
Kagura: It's too bad.
Kagura: since you let me punch you.
Kagura: I'm sure there are people who need you.
Kagura: Over there.
Takeshi: I agreed to co-sign the loan
Takeshi: I'm doomed to live a life where \Nnobody ever returns anything to me.
Takeshi: I should have written \Nmy name on the money...
Iwamatsu: Is that... Is that...?
Kagura: I wouldn't say that everybody is strong.
Kagura: Some people are overwhelmed \Nby their gloomy feelings.
Kagura: Your job isn't creepy.
Kagura: You should be proud.
Kagura: You're the only one who
Kagura: anything returned by the idiots \Nof the Kabuki district.
Iwamatsu: I never truly understood
Iwamatsu: My job wasn't to let \Nother people hit me.
Iwamatsu: I'll help you forget \Nall the bad memories.
Iwamatsu: How about it?
Takeshi: Gah! Pervert!
Kagura: Congratulations.
Kagura: Somebody finally punched you.
Iwamatsu: This doesn't seem right.
Kagura: Have you forgotten
Kagura: about the red kerchief?
Kagura: When we went to the bath \Nin the neighboring town...
GINTOKI: and destroyed everything in the process!
Kagura: Don't treat me like a child.
Kagura: I'm a woman now.
Kagura: Charge me another 100 yen.
GINTOKI: Shut your mouth.
GINTOKI: so how's 200 for both of us sound?
Kagura: I want to have some coffee \Nmilk after my bath.
shinpachi: Huh?
GINTOKI: Commercial break finally ends and
GINTOKI: Why are you here?
shinpachi: so Sis decided she wanted \Nto enjoy a large bath.
GINTOKI: You should have tossed her into \Na big puddle or something.
GINTOKI: I figured I would have \Nthe place to myself.
GINTOKI: I'm not gonna pick a fight with Agnes.
GINTOKI: I don't want to share a bath with him.
GINTOKI: I'll probably catch \Nsome kind of disease.
Hijikata: You're the disease.
Hijikata: You can use the tepid \Nkiddy bath over there.
Hijikata: It's probably your style.
Okita: That's the Hijikata-san we know.
Okita: A real Edo boy loves steaming hot baths.
Hijikata: Load 'er up.
Okita: Here.
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: Where'd you get leftover \Nwater from cooking yakisoba?!
GINTOKI: I'll use this chance to wash \Nthe underwear I was wearing.
GINTOKI: Saves money.
Hijikata: This isn't the Ganges River!
Kondo: We're here to take a bath!
Kondo: Otae-san can stay!
GINTOKI: You're obviously not \Nhere to take a bath.
GINTOKI: This is no place for \Ndirty bastards like you!
Kondo: What was that?!
Kondo: I'll Vidal Sassoon your pubes!
GINTOKI: Eh?!
GINTOKI: I'll pluck out your \Nass hairs one by one!
Kondo: Get out!
Kondo: You're in Vidal Sassoon territory!
GINTOKI: Fine! Let's take this outside!
GINTOKI: I'll show you what tweezers can do!
Chibi: It's huge!
Chibi: I wanna swim!
GINTOKI: Eh?! Swim?!
GINTOKI: This isn't the pool!
Kondo: We booked the place!
Chibi: What? Booked the place?
Chibi: No way.
Chibi: I heard that everybody's \Nallowed in a bathhouse.
shinpachi: G-Gin-san...
shinpachi: Th-That's...
Goro: What's that?
Goro: That's odd.
Goro: I heard that the bathhouse \Nis a public place.
Shiro: What? That's impossible.
Saburo: Don't look at me.
Dad: Beats me.
Hedoro: Hey. What are you all doing?
Hedoro: Huh?
Hedoro: The Odd Jobs members.
Hedoro: It's been a while.
GINTOKI: He-Hedoro has multiplied!
Jiro: We're not allowed in here?
Both: Welcome!
Both: Enjoy yourselves!
Chibi: Yay!
Hedoro: I apologize.
Hedoro: It appears that we are imposing on you.
Kondo: H-Hey! Why is the Addams Family here?!
Kondo: You know them?!
Both: N-No! We never knew there were so many!
Hedoro: so I decided to bring \Nthem to a bathhouse
All: Wr-Wring Edo to death?!
Hedoro: We don't take baths \Ntogether on our planet.
Hedoro: I think it's dynamite to strip \Ndown and spend time together.
All: St-Strip down dynamite!
GINTOKI: I-I don't believe it!
GINTOKI: Th-They're finally \Nmoving to invade Earth!
Hijikata: I-Invade Earth?!
Hijikata: Impossible!
Okita: They're starting by taking \Nover this bathhouse.
Okita: Damn monsters!
Kondo: We don't have time to argue about \NVidal Sassoons and tweezers.
Kondo: We need to warn everyone!
Kondo: Run for it as soon as they \Nget in the adult bath.
All: They got in the kiddy bath!
Hijikata: Don't go to sleep! You'll die!
GINTOKI: That's it!
GINTOKI: Kids hate long baths!
GINTOKI: We'll use this chance to...!
Hedoro: Absolutely not!
Hedoro: You must stay in the bath \Nfor at least ten minutes.
Hedoro: Otherwise you won't be able to \Nwash away the sweat and grime.
Hedoro: Look.
Hedoro: Follow the example of these young men.
Hedoro: They're even washing their heads.
Goro: I can't stop spoiling him.
Kondo: Ten minutes?!
Kondo: No more!
Kondo: My dick has shrunk to the point where \Nit looks like I have three balls.
Kondo: It's going to completely disappear!
Hijikata: Screw that!
Hijikata: I'll do whatever it takes \Nto live longer than you!
Hijikata: You go!
GINTOKI: Then the person who runs out of breath \Nfirst gets to take one for the team.
GINTOKI: That settles it!
Kondo: You go!
GINTOKI: You!
Kondo: You!
GINTOKI: Bastard!
shinpachi: Hey! This isn't the time to \Nbe fighting amongst ourselves!
Kondo: I refuse to go!
GINTOKI: Hey! Hold on!
GINTOKI: What are you holding on to?
GINTOKI: Hey! Why are you holding that?!
GINTOKI: And that geezer's balls really sag!
shinpachi: Let go! Quick!
Kondo: N-No!
Kondo: I can't move my fingers! \NThey're frozen stiff!
GINTOKI: We'll deal with the situation down here.
Both: What kind of excuse do you want?!
Hedoro: What were you doing underwater?
Hijikata: It's all the rage these days.
Hedoro: Earthlings are such fun.
Hedoro: Huh?
Hedoro: A side effect of the water?
shinpachi: Why don't you explain it to them?
Hijikata: What?!
Hijikata: known as the Biagra Spring.
All: The Biagra Spring?
Hijikata: It's excellent for improving \Nyour health and sexual drive!
Dad: That's why it feels like \Nsomething's tugging on my junk.
Hijikata: I-I'm sure that you'll feel like \Na young man once you're done here.
Goro: Huh?
Hedoro: Dad?
shinpachi: Your dad must be really excited.
shinpachi: He's joining in the diving contest.
Saburo: But I see a lot of bubbles.
Shiro: He seems to be struggling...
shinpachi: I-It's a V!
shinpachi: He's signaling V for victory!
shinpachi: It's too easy!
Kondo: Hel...
Jiro: He just asked for help...
shinpachi: Nothing's happening! \NNothing's happening at all!
Hijikata: Th-They're just playing around.
Hijikata: Those guys are such jokers.
Hedoro: Take a look down there.
Jiro: Y-Yes.
shinpachi: Hold on!
shinpachi: Nothing's happening!
shinpachi: Everything's okay!
Goro: Are you okay?
Kondo: I ran into this giant squid underwater.
Kondo: Huh? Wh-What are you talking \Nabout? I'm your dad.
Both: You can't fool them like that!
Okita: He's young again. That's awesome.
Both: Impossible! They're not gonna buy it!
Hedoro: What?
Hedoro: R-Really?
Hedoro: You look like a completely \Ndifferent person.
Kondo: What?! You've forgotten how \Nyour own father looks?!
Hijikata: She's ignoring him!
Hijikata: She knows the truth!
Kondo: I'm feeling a bit chilly \Nafter the long bath.
Hedoro: Something's dangling from your crotch.
shinpachi: Dad is dangling from dad!
Kondo: What are you talking about?
Kondo: That's just my ball sack.
Hedoro: Your ball sack?
Hedoro: It looks exactly like your former self.
Kondo: It's just a ball sack.
Kondo: Look at the wrinkles.
Kondo: It's become bloated after \Nsitting in the water.
Hedoro: So this is your ball sack?
shinpachi: Of course not!
shinpachi: Gi-Gin-san!
GINTOKI: We've got no choice.
GINTOKI: They got stuck together.
GINTOKI: We'll just have to ride out \Nthe storm on this story.
shinpachi: Is that even possible?!
shinpachi: We're supposed to \Nweather the stormy seas
shinpachi: with that heavy anchor \Ndangling from our boat?!
shinpachi: What do we do?
shinpachi: We should apologize before \Nthey figure out what happened.
GINTOKI: Apologize?
GINTOKI: For getting tangled up in \Ntheir old man's ball sack
GINTOKI: and treating him like a ball sack?
GINTOKI: We'll have to trust him.
GINTOKI: He'll make it work somehow.
GINTOKI: All we can do is pray.
GINTOKI: I pray for our success.
Hijikata: Wait a second!
Hijikata: Don't just spit out \Ncliches and run away!
Hijikata: Do something about Kondo-san!
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI: It's his own fault for getting \Ntangled in the ball sack!
Hedoro: What are you arguing about?
Hedoro: Did you forget your shampoo?
Hedoro: I can lend you my Temote.
Hijikata: I go for Vidal Hahhoon.
Hedoro: What? You haven't washed your body yet.
Hedoro: Are you trying to be considerate \Nand give our family some space?
Hedoro: I'm terribly sorry.
Hedoro: We were the ones who barged in \Non the bath you had reserved.
Hedoro: Please allow us to wash your backs.
Hedoro: I cannot leave before I've \Nshown my appreciation.
GINTOKI: He wants to show his appreciation...
Hijikata: He won't let us leave \Nuntil he's gotten revenge.
Hedoro: We're going to wash their backs.
shinpachi: We can wash ourselves!
Okita: That's right.
Hijikata: Hey! Stop making threats!
Hijikata: This isn't the time to let \Nyour sadistic side take over!
Kondo: Yeah! Let them wash your backs!
GINTOKI: The gorilla is killing \Nour chance to escape!
Hedoro: I'll wash Dad's back.
Hedoro: Let me know if there are \Nany spots that itch.
Kondo: This brings back memories.
Hedoro: You would always get mad.
Hedoro: You would yell at me to wash harder.
Hedoro: Dad! What's wrong?!
Hedoro: Impossible!
Hedoro: Dad used a sponge with \Nnails to wash himself!
Saburo: When did he become so weak?
Shiro: Maybe this isn't Dad?
GINTOKI: The soap. He must be \Nallergic to the soap.
Hedoro: Would he start gushing blood \Nbecause he's allergic to the soap?
Hedoro: Really...
GINTOKI: I-It must be hard when you don't \Nknow anything about this place.
Jiro: Earthlings are so kind.
Goro: and they're even offering \Nto wash our backs.
Hedoro: Thank you very much.
Hedoro: I promise to return the favor.
Hijikata: Hey! Why are we doing this?!
GINTOKI: It beats having the skin \Nripped off our backs!
Hijikata: Washing their backs \Nis just as dangerous!
shinpachi: But we can prevent any further damage
shinpachi: See?
GINTOKI: That settles it.
GINTOKI: Do as I do.
Hijikata: What kind of bath are we talking about?!
Hijikata: We don't need to teach them how to
GINTOKI: I don't frequent them!
Hijikata: What kind of accident?!
Hijikata: Your mind is a pile of slime!
Hijikata: And he already slimed him!
Shiro: My body is on fire!
Shiro: Wh-What did you do?!
shinpachi: What is this?!
Okita: It looks like their weakness is lotion.
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Their weakness is lotion?
Kondo: Lotion is getting in my wounds!
GINTOKI: E-Everything is fine!
GINTOKI: This liquid kills germs.
GINTOKI: The pain means that the germs are dying!
GINTOKI: B-But we should probably wash it off.
GINTOKI: Hey! Pour water on them!
GINTOKI: Wash off the lotion!
Hijikata: Wh-What do you think you're doing?!
GINTOKI: Wh-Who poured lotion \Nall over the floor?!
Hijikata: You did!
Hijikata: You don't have to copy him!
shinpachi: Act like this is how we bathe in Edo!
Hijikata: Hell no!
Hijikata: It's fine.
Hijikata: This is how we bathe in Edo.
Hedoro: You Edo folk are amazing.
Hedoro: You torture yourselves \Nwhen you take a bath?
GINTOKI: Pretty much!
GINTOKI: It's like a form of training!
Hedoro: I'm very impressed by you samurai.
Hedoro: I wouldn't be able to \Nstand this treatment.
GINTOKI: H-He's running out of patience?!
Hijikata: Any more and he'll kill us all!
Hijikata: I can't trust this guy with our lives!
Hijikata: I'll take over then.
Hijikata: I have to make up for all \Nthe previous failures.
Hijikata: Wate-
Hijikata: H-He won't come out!
Hijikata: Wate-
Hijikata: But you're actually trying to \Nimpale your forehead on the horns.
shinpachi: Even Hijikata-san screwed up!
Hedoro: Huh? Why would you do that?
Hijikata: This is how we make amends \Nfor the previous step.
Hijikata: Huh?
GINTOKI: That's not how we bathe in Edo.
Hijikata: The bastard is ignoring my mistake?!
Hijikata: That's bullshit!
Hijikata: I've been saving your \Nass this whole time!
Hijikata: You've done this before.
GINTOKI: I guarantee it.
GINTOKI: Why would I want to do that?
GINTOKI: Could you stop?
GINTOKI: It's pretty disgusting to try to pass \Noff your mistake as an Edo tradition.
Hijikata: Then what the hell have you \Nbeen doing this whole time?!
Hedoro: Huh? What are you talking about?
Hijikata: He's figured out that something's wrong!
Okita: Huh? You don't follow this practice?
Okita: Everybody in the Shinsengumi does.
Hijikata: Sogo...
Hijikata: You're helping me?
Okita: Watch this.
Okita: You aim for the center...
Okita: Like this!
Hijikata: Why me?!
Hijikata: I was wondering why he \Nwould jump to my rescue.
Hijikata: Now I see why!
Hijikata: In that case...
shinpachi: Do these people even realize \Nthat we're in a bathhouse?!
shinpachi: This has nothing to do \Nwith bathing anymore!
shinpachi: And why are the Hedoro brothers \Nletting you do this?!
shinpachi: Gin-san! Kondo-san!
shinpachi: Th-That's a barbaric practice that was \Nintroduced by some country bumpkins!
shinpachi: You don't need to follow it!
Hedoro: Since the practice would \Ndamage our precious horns.
shinpachi: Horns?
Hedoro: One represents our pride.
Hedoro: The other represents our soul.
GINTOKI: The soul of a Dakini...
Hijikata: ...is stuck in the dirtiest \Nplace in this world!
GINTOKI: Pull it out before they notice!
Hijikata: It's no use! It's completely stuck!
Okita: Kondo-san's rectal \Nmuscles are superhuman.
Okita: Let me handle this!
Hijikata: Why did you snap them?!
Hedoro: Saburo...
Hedoro: Your horns...
GINTOKI: Is something wrong with his horns?!
Hedoro: Huh? They're fine.
Hedoro: That's odd...
Hedoro: I could have sworn that...
GINTOKI: I-It must have been your imagination.
Hijikata: You stuck them in upside-down!
Hijikata: You stabbed them right into his head!
Okita: Huh? They're still there.
GINTOKI: I snapped Shiro's horns off \Nand stuck them on Saburo.
Hijikata: That doesn't help anything!
Hijikata: Now Shiro's missing his horns!
Okita: We'll have to snap off \NGoro's horns next.
Hijikata: Will it ever end?!
GINTOKI: Then we'll take one horn each from \NGoro and Jiro to stick on Shiro.
Hijikata: That's not the issue!
Hijikata: You're just making it worse!
GINTOKI: What about the sixth one?
Hijikata: There isn't a sixth brother!
Hijikata: We only have five to work with!
Hedoro: And Dad.
Hedoro: Shiro! Your horns!
GINTOKI: Is something wrong with his horns?!
Hijikata: Now he docked them together!
Hedoro: Huh? They're fine.
Okita: Now...
Okita: There are four horns.
Hijikata: Those are completely different horns!
Hedoro: It appears that they're safe.
Hijikata: How can he believe this crap?!
shinpachi: Such strong horns...
GINTOKI: It's time to wash your backs.
Hijikata: I'm too scared to go near them.
Hedoro: We just need to throw them in the bath?
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: That's not how you wash someone's back!
Hijikata: That's how you dispose of a body!
Hedoro: Th-That's...
Hedoro: Dad's ball sack has surfaced!
Dad: You're wrong!
Dad: Don't call me a ball sack!
Hedoro: Huh? That means you've \Nreturned to your former self.
Hedoro: H-How did you enjoy your stay on Earth?
Hedoro: Was it fun?
Dad: Hell no!
Dad: It was a terrible experience!
Hijikata: Of course he is.
Hijikata: We were calling him a ball sack.
Hijikata: We're dead!
Hijikata: For sure!
Hedoro: You didn't like Edo.
Dad: I didn't come here so you could \Nshow the family the sights.
Dad: I wanted to see if you were \Nliving a proper life in Edo.
Dad: because your appearance \Nscared everyone off.
Dad: So I wanted to see that you weren't \Nalone on this distant planet.
Dad: It was a terrible experience.
Dad: I have a bad impression of Edo.
Dad: But that doesn't matter.
Dad: Because I met some friendly \Npeople who tried their best
Dad: to make me welcome.
Dad: Everyone...
All: Please continue to be \Nfriends with our brother.
Chibi: Please!
Hedoro: E-Everyone...
shinpachi: I guess we misunderstood \Ntheir intentions.
shinpachi: A scary family?
shinpachi: I'd say they're a pretty nice family.
GINTOKI: We shouldn't bother them.
GINTOKI: Let's make ourselves scarce then.
Dad: Oh! Please wait!
Dad: I would like to thank you!
Dad: Let's show our appreciation \Nin an Edo fashion.
Jiro: I like the sound of that.
Jiro: We'll do for them everything \Nthey've done for us.
Hedoro: It's our turn to wash \Nyour backs Edo-style.
Kagura: I was always the one who had to wait.
Kagura: and my soap became hard.
Kagura: and say that it was cold.
Kyubei: Shut up.
Kyubei: Next time:
Kyubei: Jugem.
Kyubei: To who?
Papa: What are you talking about?
Papa: He's right there.
Papa: A key-mon.
GINTOKI: What's this?
GINTOKI: Are we supposed to laugh?
GINTOKI: Will you spare us if we laugh?
Kyubei: and this is that monkey's son.
Kyubei: to the Yagyu.
GINTOKI: So they're passing along the hard work.
GINTOKI: The former instructors of the shogun have
GINTOKI: This stinks! What is it?!
Kyubei: Be careful.
Kyubei: he launches poop as fast as Eastwood.
GINTOKI: Where would you find a celebrity that throws shit around?!
GINTOKI: Roppongi Hills?!
Otae: The shogun's retainers just wanted to be rid of it.
Kyubei: I must obey.
shinpachi: You're going to keep on looking after this key-mon?
Kyubei: Now apologize.
shinpachi: He threw poop while he was apologizing.
shinpachi: He looks as guilty as a regular shoplifter who's gotten caught again.
Kyubei: I intend to raise him into a celebrity monkey who
Kyubei: But there's one problem.
Kyubei: This monkey doesn't have a name yet.
Kyubei: so they were going to leave the naming to them.
Kyubei: I would prefer a lucky name that he can be proud of
Kyubei: once he returns to the shogun's family.
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter what you name a monkey.
GINTOKI: How's Monkiki sound?
Kyubei: He doesn't like it.
GINTOKI: Hey! He doesn't know how to express himself without using shit?!
GINTOKI: And how much shit is he packing?!
Kyubei: Plain old Monkey would be better than Monkiki
Kyubei: since the name change hurt his popularity.
shinpachi: Who are you talking about?
Otae: A lucky name?
Otae: How about Jugem?
shinpachi: What's that?
Otae: It's a way of wishing for someone to have a long life.
GINTOKI: What the hell?
GINTOKI: He still throws shit when he agrees?
GINTOKI: And why am I always the target?
GINTOKI: I have a feeling he just doesn't like me.
GINTOKI: Let's call him Shit-Tosser!
shinpachi: It'll bring a lot more than luck. That's for sure.
shinpachi: The name's not subtle enough.
shinpachi: We should try for something that's more fluid.
Kagura: Runny Diarrhea?
shinpachi: That's not what I meant!
shinpachi: I didn't mean that the poop should be more fluid!
shinpachi: I was saying that we should try for a name
GINTOKI: Hey!  Now he's throwing shit that's more fluid!
GINTOKI: Do something about this!
Otae: Isn't so obvious...
Otae: How about Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear?
shinpachi: They were dirty?!
shinpachi: Why are you telling everybody this?!
Kagura: That would be mean.
Kagura: Let's just name him Shinpachi's Sorry Life.
shinpachi: Now you're making it sound like I'm covered in shit!
GINTOKI: Hey! Enough already!
GINTOKI: I'm the one who's covered in shit!
Kyubei: I see.
Kyubei: Then let's go with Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the Life of
Kyubei: Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear Runny Diarrhea.
shinpachi: That's long!
shinpachi: Why did you combine them all?!
Kyubei: And it can't hurt to have too many lucky names.
shinpachi: None of those are lucky names!
shinpachi: Most of them involve poop in one form or another!
Kyubei: We should try to make his name something that is more socially acceptable.
shinpachi: You want to keep going?!
shinpachi: It'll be damn hard to turn that into something socially acceptable!
shinpachi: It'd be like turning the last boss into the hero!
shinpachi: That Runny Diarrhea part will be the hardest to spin!
shinpachi: You don't have any chance of finding a hero
shinpachi: We'll need a really cool name to make it work!
Kagura: How about Balmung Fezalion?
shinpachi: That's so juvenile!
shinpachi: This is supposed to be the name of a monkey!
Kagura: Balmung Fezalion.
Kagura: Also known as the Black Wind.
Kagura: Captain of the Fakinaway dark knights.
Kagura: he loses sight of his surroundings and goes berserk.
Kagura: A minus.
Kagura: A third eye appears on his forehead when his true powers awaken.
Kagura: Later became the Brutal Emperor Kaiser Fakinaway.
shinpachi: Who are you talking about?!
shinpachi: Nobody's asked to...
Kagura: His ultimate attack is Dark Fakinaway.
Kagura: It only works when his third eye is open.
Kagura: Hell Fakinaway.
Kagura: It only works when it's that time.
shinpachi: Why are there commands for his ultimate attacks?!
shinpachi: And when is that time?!
Otae: And it's not very lucky to rely on the powers of darkness.
shinpachi: Nobody's using any powers of darkness!
shinpachi: They don't exist!
Otae: How does this sound?
Otae: Issac Schneider.
Otae: Also known as the Prince of Light.
Otae: Balmung's younger twin brother.
Otae: He realizes his father's dark intentions
Otae: and achieves peace with Balmung after the Ragnarok Shepherd War.
shinpachi: Stop lying through your teeth!
shinpachi: Why would they ignore their father's evil and start a band?!
Otae: Special card ability:
Otae: Bad Communication.
Otae: Return all opponent's attack cards to their hands.
Otae: My selfish love won't let met me hurt you.
Otae: My selfish love destroys all cards that aren't Matsumoto.
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: Is this supposed to be a card game or a fighting game?!
Kagura: You've helped to turn Balmung back to the side of light!
shinpachi: Are you sure?!
shinpachi: Are you sure she didn't just turn him into a band member?!
shinpachi: The hell it has!
shinpachi: They ignored it!
shinpachi: They ignored it and started B'z instead!
Kyubei: What should we try next?
shinpachi: You still want to continue?
shinpachi: His name is too long already.
Kyubei: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Kyubei: Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Kyubei: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider
Kyubei: 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail Anxiety
Kyubei: Betrayal Knows My Name Or Does It Really
Kyubei: Ignore Calls Squid Dogfish Halibut Trout-Cod Dogfish...
Kyubei: Kaluga Angler Ray
Kyubei: Yuuteimiyaoukimukou Pepepepepepepepepepepepe
Kyubei: Runny Diarrhea.
shinpachi: That's frickin' long!
shinpachi: And it turned into a game of Shiritori halfway through!
shinpachi: And look at the last part!
shinpachi: That's just a Spell of Resurrection!
shinpachi: What happened to all that talk about class?
Kyubei: A true name represents the name of your soul.
Kyubei: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Kyubei: Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Kyubei: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider
Kyubei: 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail Anxiety
Kyubei: Betrayal Knows My Name Or Does It Really
Kyubei: Ignore Calls Squid Dogfish Halibut Trout-Cod Dogfish...
Kyubei: Kaluga Angler Ray
Kyubei: Yuuteimiyaoukimukou Pepepepepepepepepepepepe
Kyubei: Runny Diarrhea.
shinpachi: It's frickin' long!
shinpachi: It's obviously too frickin' long!
shinpachi: You just ate up thirty seconds!
Otae: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing
Otae: the Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Otae: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail...
shinpachi: Enough! Enough already!
shinpachi: You don't have to say his entire name!
Kagura: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Kagura: Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Kagura: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider 1/3...
shinpachi: Hey! Cut that out!
shinpachi: We aren't going to get anywhere like this!
shinpachi: And you guys have really good memories!
Kyubei: I will raise him to be a celebrity monkey!
shinpachi: Leave already!
shinpachi: Please leave already!
shinpachi: W-Was it really such a good idea
Otae: I'm sure that Kyu-chan will be fine with
Otae: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Otae: Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Otae: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider
Otae: 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail Anxiety
Otae: Betrayal Knows My Name Or Does It Really
Otae: Ignore Calls Squid Dogfish Halibut Trout-Cod Dogfish...
shinpachi: Enough!
Tojo: They're incredibly close.
Tojo: She treats him like her own little brother.
Tojo: Dammit!
GINTOKI: More like you were always watching her from the shadows.
Tojo: I was the one meant to rest upon her shoulder like a chirping bird!
GINTOKI: More like you were meant to rest in a soapland.
Tojo: My only refuge is in the corner
Tojo: I'm like a leftover sliding shower curtain ring!
Tojo: The curtain has no room for me!
Tojo: Sliding between the dojo and the loft!
Tojo: I'm like a sliding ring that slides until it dies!
Tojo: I'm sliding!
Tojo: But it's a slidin' shame!
Tojo: 'Cause I slide!
GINTOKI: Enough with the slidin' already!
GINTOKI: Why did you come here?!
GINTOKI: Nothing's changed at all!
GINTOKI: Go slide yourself off in a soapland!
shinpachi: That's right.
shinpachi: How can you be jealous of a monkey?
shinpachi: And this is a good experience for Kyubei-san.
shinpachi: You were the one who wanted her to act more like a girl.
Kagura: That's right! Kyu-chan's never looked like this before!
Tojo: Shut up!
Tojo: What would you know?!
Tojo: It's damn sick!
shinpachi: What is he even talking about?
Tojo: When I think about how that filthy ass
Tojo: I just... I just...
Tojo: Feel so jealous.
Tojo: That hurts!
Tojo: I'm sorry! Forgive me!
Tojo: Not there!
Tojo: I can not lay a finger on him.
Tojo: But I haven't told her this yet...
Tojo: I have bad news for her.
Tojo: Though it's good news for me.
Tojo: The shogun's family has requested the return of the monkey.
Tojo: so they have requested that the monkey be gifted to them.
Kagura: I-It's not fair to ask for him now!
Kagura: They're the ones who didn't want him!
Tojo: But we knew this from the beginning.
Tojo: They requested that we train the unruly beast.
shinpachi: But Kyubei-san will be...
Tojo: I wouldn't have been worried about the lady before.
Tojo: But now that she's grown so attached to that monkey...
Tojo: I beg you!
Tojo: Could you please break this news to the lady?!
Kagura: Huh?! How can you even ask such a thing?!
Tojo: Because!
Tojo: She'll hate me if I'm the one who tells her!
Tojo: Lords Binbokusai and Koshinori are so mean!
Tojo: They always give me the tough jobs!
Kyubei: I see...
Kyubei: They want their monkey back...
Tojo: L-Lady...?
shinpachi: Kyubei-san...
Kyubei: I am relieved.
Kyubei: I was able to fulfill my duty.
Tojo: Huh?
Kyubei: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Kyubei: Life of Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Kyubei: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider
Kyubei: 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail Anxiety
Kyubei: Betrayal Knows My Name Or Does It Really
Kyubei: Ignore Calls Squid Dogfish Halibut Trout-Cod Dogfish...
Kyubei: Kaluga Angler Ray
Kyubei: Yuuteimiyaoukimukou Pepepepepepepepepepepepe
Kyubei: Runny Diarrhea will no longer cause trouble for anyone.
Kyubei: I've taught him to throw his poop into a toilet instead of at people.
GINTOKI: You might wanna teach him that I'm not a toilet.
Kyubei: I don't see what the problem is.
Kyubei: That was the job.
Kyubei: My duty is to return him to the shogun once he's trained.
Kyubei: You need to get used to it.
Kyubei: A celebrity samurai must be able to fall asleep in any location.
Kagura: {\i1}But they didn't even want him!{\i0}
Kagura: {\i1}And now they change their minds?!{\i0}
Kagura: {\i1}And you gave him a wonderful name and took such good care of him!{\i0}
Kagura: {\i1}I'm sure that he'll miss you.{\i0}
Kyubei: {\i1}I am simply following my orders from the Bakufu.{\i0}
Kyubei: {\i1}I do not feel any particular affection for this monkey.{\i0}
Kyubei: Quiet. Go to sleep.
Kyubei: Quiet.
Kyubei: You don't need to feel sad.
Kyubei: It doesn't matter if we're separated by a screen...
Kyubei: Doesn't matter how far apart we are...
Kyubei: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the Life of
Kyubei: Shin-chan's Two-Day-Old Underwear
Kyubei: Balmung Fezalion Issac Schneider
Kyubei: 1/3 True Love 2/3 Hangnail Anxiety
Kyubei: Betrayal Knows My Name Or Does It Really
Kyubei: Ignore Calls Squid Dogfish Halibut Trout-Cod Dogfish...
Kyubei: Kaluga Angler Ray
Kyubei: Yuuteimiyaoukimukou Pepepepepepepepepepepepe
Kyubei: Runny Diarrhea.
Tojo: D-Damn it all!
Tojo: How dare he abuse her kindness!
Tojo: I'm so jealous!
Kyubei: Shut up.
Kyubei: Next time:
Kyubei: The name reveals the person.
Papa: There you are!
Papa: Wait!
Papa: Please wait!
Kyubei: I see.
Kyubei: Continue the search.
Kagura: Writing a proposal.
shinpachi: A proposal?
Kagura: I'm going to sell this idea to \NBandai Namco for a huge profit.
Kagura: Then I can live the rest \Nof my life in comfort.
Kagura: All done!
shinpachi: Huh? What is this?
Kagura: Record of Light and Dark: Fakinaway.
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: You're going to continue \Nthe joke from last week?!
Kagura: This age of chaos begins with what is
shinpachi: And what's about to begin?!
Emperor: Balmung Fezalion!
Balmung: Demon Emperor Runny Diarrhea!
Balmung: It all ends today!
Balmung: I will avenge my dark knights!
Balmung: Right now!
Balmung: I will put everything I \Nhave into this strike!
Balmung: Ultimate attack!
shinpachi: The command still shows up?!
Balmung: Hell Fakinaway!
shinpachi: You can stop.
shinpachi: How much longer until \Nthis drivel is over?
Kagura: We're about to get to the good part.
Balmung: What?
Emperor: You never realized that \Nthe powers of darkness
Emperor: Though the outcome may \Nhave been different
Issac: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Emperor: Y-You are...
Emperor: The Prince of Light...
Emperor: Issac Schneider!
shinpachi: The timing on his entrance \Nis a little too perfect!
Issac: Brother...
Issac: Let's do this!
Issac: Kiss on my lips to shut it up!
Issac: Don't touch me!
Both: Bad communication!
shinpachi: Hold on a second!
shinpachi: That's how the story ends?!
shinpachi: They're just going to \Nignore their father?!
Kagura: I had to suppress my \Ninstincts and think hard
shinpachi: Don't act like you actually put \Nany thought into this crap!
shinpachi: Tojo-san?
Tojo: D-D-D-
Tojo: Damn it all!
Tojo: That monkey ran away after three days!
Tojo: It's managed to run around the \Ncity while evading all pursuit!
Tojo: and every single member has been \Nforced to search for the monkey!
GINTOKI: I knew that would happen.
GINTOKI: The beast isn't going to listen \Nto anyone besides Kyubei.
Kagura: Serves them right.
Kagura: That's what happens when you take \Nsomeone's pet away from them.
Tojo: This isn't the time to be gloating!
Tojo: The lady has been \Nsearching for the monkey
Tojo: She's so worried that she's \Nbarely eaten anything!
shinpachi: That sounds extreme for one monkey...
Tojo: I-I'm very sorry!
Tojo: Please wait just a little longer!
Boy: Did Goku come back yet?
Tojo: Worry not.
Tojo: Please!
Tojo: Think of this as a sacrifice \Nfor the lady's sake!
GINTOKI: Bastard! You're going to use \Nme as a shit receptacle?!
Tojo: That monkey is obsessed \Nwith throwing shit at you!
Tojo: We can use that obsession \Nto draw him out!
Tojo: You're going to just let the lady die?!
GINTOKI: You're going to let me \Nbe covered in shit?!
Kagura: Does it really matter?
Kagura: It's not like you're losing anything.
GINTOKI: I'm losing something deep inside \Nthat I can never have back!
Kagura: You were always aloof like \Nthe gas from a septic tank.
GINTOKI: How does that metaphor even work \Nwith the gas from a septic tank?!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
shinpachi: Gin-san! Look!
shinpachi: The shit's hit the fan!
shinpachi: A bunch of monkeys have \Nescaped from the zoo!
Tojo: It's him!
Tojo: That monkey has released \Nall of those monkeys
GINTOKI: That's impossible.
Tojo: How can a mere animal be so clever?!
Tojo: We won't be able to single it \Nout from that troop of monkeys!
Tojo: It appears that you are our last hope!
Tojo: The monkey that runs straight \Nhere to throw shit at you
GINTOKI: Hey! Hold on!
Tojo: Monkey!
Tojo: Show yourself!
Tojo: I've brought your favorite \Nshit receptacle!
Tojo: Now get your ass out here!
Tojo: Unload your shit!
GINTOKI: Hey! What's going on?!
GINTOKI: All of the monkeys are aiming for me!
GINTOKI: What is this?!
GINTOKI: What do they think about me?!
GINTOKI: How do they see me?!
Kagura: Gin-chan is descended from gas
GINTOKI: That would be a fart!
GINTOKI: That would mean I was \Ndescended from a fart!
shinpachi: We'll be covered in shit before \Nwe can pick out the correct one!
Tojo: Let's use Odd Jobs' extensive \Nnetwork to create a perimeter.
GINTOKI: We're going to fall back on \Nthe oldest trick in the book?
Tojo: We can make it work if \Nwe have the numbers!
Katsura: What?
Katsura: And its name is...
Kagura: You got it wrong.
Kagura: It's Shit-Tossing.
GINTOKI: When did he get shit on his underwear?
Kagura: Just say it was today.
shinpachi: I don't have any shit \Non my underwear today!
Okita: {\a6}Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing
Okita: Huh? Schneider?
Okita: It's Balmung Schneider?
Okita: No?
Okita: Huh?
Kagura: Just say it was tomorrow.
shinpachi: How am I getting shit \Non my future underwear?!
Tsukiyo: {\a6}Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
Tsukiyo: What?
Tsukiyo: 1/3 True Love?
Tsukiyo: What about the other two thirds?
Tsukiyo: When did the underwear get dirty?
shinpachi: Cut it out!
shinpachi: Give me the damn phone!
shinpachi: It's Squid Dogfish Halibut \NTrout-Cod Dogfish.
shinpachi: No! You're missing a pe!
shinpachi: Pepepepepepepe...
shinpachi: This will never work!
shinpachi: Most of the questions are about \Nthe shit on my underwear!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to tell \Npeople this long-ass name?!
shinpachi: That's why I said we \Nshould make it shorter!
shinpachi: What do we do now?!
shinpachi: We can't draw it out!
Tojo: Yes.
Tojo: What? Is that true?
Tojo: Thank you so much!
Tojo: I appreciate the help!
Tojo: Rejoice!
Tojo: Katsura-dono just told me that \Nhe's captured the monkey!
shinpachi: Huh?
Tojo: You have such amazing friends!
Tojo: He dispatched someone to \Nbring the monkey here.
shinpachi: Really?!
shinpachi: I don't see how he was \Nable to remember the name.
Kagura: Is that it?
Kagura: There's a bell on his neck.
shinpachi: Wait a sec! Isn't that \NBalmung Fezalion?!
shinpachi: How did they find him?!
shinpachi: And he's real?!
shinpachi: Why would a banana work as \Nbait for a dark knight?!
Kagura: It's Balmung!
Kagura: Later becomes the Brutal \NEmperor Kaiser Fakinaway!
GINTOKI: What do we do?
GINTOKI: This is bad.
GINTOKI: Balmung's glaring at us.
Kagura: Oh no!
GINTOKI: Hey! Somebody apologize to him!
GINTOKI: Go tell him we got the wrong guy
GINTOKI: before he starts the \NCatastrophe of Sephiroth!
Balmung: Hell Fakinaway!
GINTOKI: He's going to use Hell Fakinaway!
GINTOKI: That's bad! Hell Fakinaway is bad!
shinpachi: You're also gonna throw shit?!
shinpachi: Balmung is throwing shit at us!
shinpachi: Balmung is throwing a \Nshitload of shit at us!
GINTOKI: That wasn't Hell Fakinaway!
GINTOKI: He's no different from those monkeys!
Issac: Wait!
Issac: Enough of this.
shinpachi: Th-That's...!
shinpachi: Issac Schneider!
shinpachi: Hasegawa-san brought \Nus the Prince of Light
Madao: Everything's okay.
shinpachi: Now we can relax...
Both: Here's our...
Both: Bad Communication!
shinpachi: What kind of shit are \Nyou trying to pull?!
GINTOKI: Issac is just a monkey!
shinpachi: And why is Hasegawa-san throwing shit?!
shinpachi: What kind of Bad Communication is this?!
Kagura: Gin-chan!
Kagura: We've been surrounded \Nby so many monkeys!
GINTOKI: Hey! Somebody do something!
shinpachi: Th-This is...?
Kyubei: Thank you for serving as decoys.
Kyubei: We were able to capture \Nall of the monkeys.
shinpachi: Kyubei-san!
GINTOKI: There were three idiots mixed in there.
Kid: Wow! So many!
Kid: So many monkeys!
Kyubei: Look for a bell.
Kagura: That's not the problem.
Kagura: It's just that there's \Nsomeone who he doesn't want
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Kyubei: Huh?
Kid: That means I took Goku away \Nfrom someone he cares about.
Kid: No wonder he ran away.
Kid: I just wanted to be your friend.
Kid: But I ended up taking you \Naway from your friend.
Kid: I'm sorry.
Kyubei: That's not the problem.
Kyubei: But his name...
Kyubei: He has a wonderful name \Nthat carries the hopes and
Kyubei: Will you call his name with me?
Kyubei: Ready and...
Kyubei: {\a6}Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
shinpachi: He can't say that.
shinpachi: Lord Mori Mori can't say that.
Kid: Diarrhea...
Kid: Jugem Genome Barbossa Fanta \NPipipipipipipi Barf Diarrhea!
shinpachi: He made up a name!
shinpachi: Lord Mori Mori couldn't remember \Nthe name so he made one up!
Kid: I'm sorry!
Kid: I'm sorry about what I did!
Kid: I'm sorry about getting your name wrong!
Kid: It's okay.
Kid: whether it's Barf Diarrhea
Kid: or the Yagyu guy.
Kid: In return...
Kyubei: What is it?
Kyubei: Jugem Jugem Shit-Tossing the
GINTOKI: Ask Mr. Ginpachi
GINTOKI: Ask Mr. Ginpachi...
All: ...is back!
GINTOKI: From someone with the pen name \N"Okita-kun Love Pudding."
GINTOKI: I have a question.
GINTOKI: Couldn't you write out \NOdd Jobs with two kanji?
GINTOKI: Why do you use three?
GINTOKI: Please tell me why.
GINTOKI: but people might mistake us for some
GINTOKI: We're supposed to be a bunch of people
GINTOKI: So we added the extra \Nkanji to differentiate.
GINTOKI: I should mention that a lot of \Npeople also read Amanto wrong.
Katsura: The maid was watching
Katsura: when the man who is feared \Nas the Destroyer of Edo
Katsura: A shocking truth about the father...
Matsu: Next time:
Matsu: What?
Matsu: Whatever. Just go.
Matsu: Oof.
Katsura: The man who is known as the Destroyer
Katsura: The greatest foe of the Joi patriots.
Katsura: I've been working undercover \Nat his home for a week.
Katsura: My focus has shifted away from my \Ninability to learn anything useful
Katsura: to this peculiar loneliness I see.
Katsura: Is this what it means to be a father?
Katsura: Who does he fight for? Who \Nis he trying to protect?
Kuriko: Um...
Katsura: I'm terribly sorry.
Kuriko: You also picked up the door.
Katsura: Please let me know if \NI'm being a bother.
Katsura: I also have a graffiti version \Nand a mental AT Field version.
Kuriko: Please get rid of it.
Kuriko: You're making too much noise.
Kuriko: Um...
Kuriko: Sorry about yelling at you earlier.
Katsura: It's okay. I didn't mind.
Kuriko: I said to get rid of that.
Kuriko: Did you think you could fool me?
Kuriko: some of my friends booked
Kuriko: Would you like to come?
Katsura: Thank you very much.
Kuriko: I would never invite him!
Kuriko: His birthday is very soon.
Kuriko: I'm sure he'll celebrate it
Kuriko: It's always the same.
Kuriko: He uses his work as an excuse \Nto avoid facing his family.
Kuriko: I refuse to call that coward my father.
Katsura: I wonder why...
Katsura: I am starting to feel concern \Nfor my greatest foe.
Katsura: Is it because Matsudaira's daughter \Nwas a nicer girl than I expected?
Katsura: Or because I didn't want \Nto think that I've been
Katsura: crossing swords with a man who \Ncan't control his own family.
Katsura: Sir?
Katsura: Miss Kuriko's birthday \Nparty is tomorrow.
Katsura: You shouldn't be sleeping out here.
Katsura: Miss Kuriko wanted you to come.
Matsu: Give that to her.
Matsu: It'll make her happier that way.
Katsura: Are you trying to teach her how men
Katsura: Is that your duty as a father?
Nakazaki: And why are you walking \Naround with that board?!
Matsu: I like a maid who's willing \Nto speak her mind.
Matsu: But I'm not much of a father.
Matsu: Young people think \Nthat men grow wiser as
Matsu: I'm just as stupid as I always was.
Matsu: Still the same old shy kid who \Ncan't bring myself to look
Matsu: I'll leave this with you.
Katsura: I was becoming more confused.
Katsura: The man spoke openly \Nof his own foolishness.
Katsura: Crafty or innocent?
Katsura: And I was most confused \Nby my own behavior.
Katsura: And that is what I did.
Katsura: Don't worry. I also brought a dress.
Katsura: What about me would be \Nconsidered suspicious?!
Katsura: How dare you insult me?!
Katsura: Are celebrities so special?!
Katsura: Your birthday party's probably \Nnothing more than an **gy!
Katsura: A sinful gathering where you wear masks
Katsura: Don't say that so loudly here.
Katsura: Have you no shame?!
Nakazaki: She's with me.
Nakazaki: I'm here in place of the commissioner.
Katsura: I see...
Katsura: So he isn't coming.
Kuriko: Ah! Ezurako-san! Nakasaki-san!
Kuriko: You came to the party!
Kuriko: I'm so happy!
Kuriko: Now come inside!
Nakazaki: What is this?!
Nakazaki: What's happening?!
Nakazaki: Did the system malfunction?!
Katsura: No...
Katsura: It's a terrorist attack.
Matsu: Hello?
Leader: Is this Katakuriko Matsudaira?
Leader: Your daughter's life is in our hands.
Leader: The Blues Crew has taken \Ncontrol of Greater Edo Hills.
Matsu: Can't you let a man \Ntake a dump in peace?
Nakazaki: What?
Katsura: That's...
Nakazaki: Th-The commissioner!
Katsura: So he did come.
Nakazaki: What are you doing up there?!
Katsura: That was no longer the frail back
Katsura: That was the stalwart back \Nof the Destroyer we feared.
Yamazaki: The hostages include the children of
Yamazaki: The Blues Crew must have learned about
Hijikata: I remember that some of \Ntheir members were arrested
Hijikata: for plotting to assassinate the boss.
Yamazaki: They're demanding that \Nthose members be released.
Yamazaki: And they also want the boss's head.
Yamazaki: they'll start killing a \Nhostage every thirty minutes.
Hijikata: I'll go negotiate and \Ntry to buy us some time.
Hijikata: You guys need to find a way inside.
Hijikata: did you get a hold of the boss?
Yamazaki: His phone's been busy the whole time.
Hijikata: Damn that old fart.
Hijikata: What's he doing?
Matsu: Hello? Ane-chan?
Matsu: Sorry.
Matsu: I won't be able to join you tonight.
Matsu: Right now? I'm in a duct.
Matsu: My men are so annoying.
Matsu: Buh-bye.
Matsu: Don't call my phone when \NI'm in terrorist territory.
Matsu: You're terrorizing my \Nconversation with Ane-chan!
Nakazaki: You have no right to talk when you're
Nakazaki: calling female escorts while \Nsneaking up on terrorists!
Matsu: I was just settling matters \Nso the women left behind
Nakazaki: It's too late to clean up your act!
Nakazaki: Your soul is completely black!
Nakazaki: Don't do anything hasty.
Nakazaki: Ezurako-san?
Katsura: They've taken over the security system.
Katsura: It won't be easy to \Napproach the building.
Nakazaki: Huh? Then we shouldn't be here.
Katsura: I put something in this \Ncar to jam their radar.
Katsura: And I did the same thing \Nto Matsudaira's present.
Nakazaki: You're...
Katsura: I happen to be acquainted \Nwith Edo's top tinkerer.
Katsura: Exactly.
Nakazaki: Ezurako-san!
Katsura: But you won't be able to do it
Katsura: I'll assist you.
Matsu: I knew something was fishy.
Matsu: You're no ordinary maid.
Katsura: I'm just an ordinary maid
Katsura: who enjoys eavesdropping.
Leader: How are negotiations going?
Leader: They're obviously trying to buy time.
Leader: Tell them this.
Leader: We aren't giving them any more time.
Leader: And one more thing.
Leader: I didn't expect him to sneak in \Nby himself to save his daughter.
Kuriko: H-He won't come!
Kuriko: He would never try to save me...
Leader: Don't make a fuss. You'll \Nbe seeing him real soon.
Leader: We'll have him tied \Nup with a red ribbon.
Katsura: Listen up. They're holed up in the
Katsura: You're on the 9th floor.
Katsura: Every floor from the 10th \Nup is packed with guards.
Matsu: I see. So this marker \Non the 9th floor is me.
Matsu: Wait a moment!
Matsu: Why did you use this symbol for me?!
Katsura: Don't get the wrong idea.
Katsura: That's the tip of an ice cream cone.
Katsura: And the three markers on \Nthe 10th floor are enemies.
Matsu: Why do they get cones when I don't?
Matsu: Give me a cone!
Matsu: I love to suck the last bit of ice \Ncream out of the end of a cone.
Matsu: And you said poop. You just \Nadmitted that it's poop.
Katsura: ice cream cones as you make \Nyour way to the 50th floor.
Katsura: Look carefully.
Katsura: The tip indicates the \Ndirection they're facing.
Katsura: you should tip past them.
Nakazaki: That's too complicated!
Nakazaki: Why do you have to use \Nthe word tip so much?!
Nakazaki: There's an ice cream cone coming down!
Katsura: What?! It's tipping like crazy!
Katsura: Is it in a hurry?
Nakazaki: 10th floor... He didn't get off!
Nakazaki: Has he noticed that the \Ncommissioner's on the 9th floor?
Katsura: Hide quick!
Nakazaki: Huh?!
Nakazaki: W-Wait!
Nakazaki: The ice cream cone split in two!
Katsura: What's going on up there?
Matsu: A guy ran off somewhere.
Nakazaki: But the ice cream's \Nstill in the elevator!
Nakazaki: He just pooped his pants!
Nakazaki: Why is poop even registered \Non your scanner?!
Matsu: And why am I not registered as a human?!
Katsura: but he couldn't hold it \Nin and had to sparking!
Katsura: Look.
Katsura: The cone is becoming wet.
Katsura: Is he wiping his ass?
Nakazaki: It's mostly poop up there!
Katsura: I can no longer tell which \Nare human and which are poop.
Matsu: They can no longer take \Ncare of their business.
Katsura: Look!
Nakazaki: Th-This is...
Katsura: They're all running down in \Nsearch of clean restrooms!
Nakazaki: They really need to take a shit!
Katsura: They're using the stairs.
Katsura: This is your chance to \Ntake the elevator up!
Nakazaki: Hold on!
Nakazaki: The wet cone is racing to the \Nelevator at a crazy speed!
Nakazaki: Did he notice the commissioner?
Katsura: he's returning for his underwear \Nso he can destroy the evidence.
Katsura: He made it in time.
Katsura: Th-That's...!
Katsura: He's hanging on to the \Nbottom of the elevator!
Katsura: He is dedicated to his underwear!
Katsura: He really doesn't want \Nanyone to find out!
Nakazaki: Commissioner! The cone is below you!
Nakazaki: And which one is the commissioner?!
Katsura: Ah! The cone is using the pointy \Nedge to try to break through!
Nakazaki: That's just a marker!
Katsura: What?!
Katsura: He penetrated the poop!
Nakazaki: Or is it the poop?!
Nakazaki: Which is it?!
Katsura: He's trying to drag Matsudaira off!
Katsura: Oh! Saved at the last second!
Nakazaki: How?!
Nakazaki: How can poop save him?!
Katsura: Is that actually Matsudaira?
Katsura: Ah! The cone con finally \Ncornered himself and fell!
Nakazaki: Why was he trying so hard to protect \Na pair of dirty underwear?!
Katsura: This is bad.
Katsura: The Ice Cream Gang has noticed \Nthat something is wrong!
Nakazaki: They split up! What the hell?!
Nakazaki: How the hell are two turds \Nmoving around independently?!
Katsura: It's going to draw their attention
Nakazaki: It's just a pair of \Nunderwear with poop on it!
Nakazaki: How did it turn into the \Ncommissioner's partner?!
Nakazaki: Look!
Nakazaki: The Ice Cream Gang is ignoring the
Nakazaki: He's completely trapped!
Hijikata: What?!
Katsura: The ice cream cones are disappearing.
Nakazaki: This poop was actually the diversion...?
Matsu: Happy birthday to you.
Nakazaki: He really took out all of \Nthe terrorists by himself...
Matsu: Sorry about that.
Matsu: Your precious underwear \Nand squad are all gone.
Leader: No one will know now.
Leader: You're placing your duty as a \Ncop over your duty as a father?!
Matsu: if you don't mind your daughter \Nbeing used as a shield.
Matsu: But you can't even call \Nyourself a man if you let
Matsu: someone who hurt your daughter \Nwalk away unscathed.
Matsu: A father's duty isn't much to speak of.
Matsu: Kids are raised fine by their mothers.
Matsu: and scold her when she \Ndoes something bad.
Matsu: That's about it.
Matsu: This fist represents my duty \Nas a police commissioner
Matsu: and a lousy Edo dad.
Leader: That's...!
Leader: My...
Leader: My underwear is still around!
Matsu: The decoy was my own underwear.
Matsu: I have one thing to say \Nto you as a father.
Matsu: Wash your own
Matsu: shitty underwear!
Katsura: What a waste.
Katsura: This was your chance to \Nscore some points with her.
Katsura: She won't remember a thing.
Matsu: I'm fine with playing \Nthe role of a lousy dad
Matsu: since it's easy.
Katsura: Open the box.
Katsura: It's not your present.
Katsura: I found it when I was cleaning \Nyour daughter's room.
Katsura: She was probably going to give \Nit to you if you showed up.
Katsura: Don't worry.
Katsura: I left your present in its place.
Matsu: How is that supposed \Nto make me feel better?
Matsu: A maid who goes into my daughter's \Nroom without permission
Matsu: Nakasaki!
Matsu: Dump this rotten maid in a ditch.
Nakazaki: Understood.
Nakazaki: I'll dump the maid in a ditch \Nwhere the police won't notice.
Matsu: Stop yapping and leave!
Katsura: I wouldn't have it any other way.
Katsura: The greatest foe of the Joi patriots.
Katsura: It doesn't matter if he doesn't \Nfeel welcome in his own home.
Maid: {\a6}I can do the laundry!
Katsura: The world is his home.
Matsu: {\a6}Forget it. I'll do this.
Katsura: And so he goes off to work again.
Maid: That's a lovely hairpin.
Katsura: the bond between father and daughter \Nas they stand back to back.
Katsura: As well as the dignity of \Na so-called lousy father.
Katsura: Katakuriko Matsudaira.
Katsura: You make a fitting opponent.
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: Blue and Red Ecstasy.
GINTOKI: B-Blu-ray...
shinpachi: Blu-ray?
shinpachi: Why do we have such an \Nexpensive machine here?
GINTOKI: I straw millionaire'd myself a
GINTOKI: But it's like a tissue used \Nto wipe this dumb girl's nose
GINTOKI: versus a tissue used to \Nwipe Otsuu-chan's lipstick!
shinpachi: The latter wouldn't be a tissue anymore.
shinpachi: It would be a holy shroud.
shinpachi: But this thing is useless.
GINTOKI: If only I could get \Nthis disc out of there.
GINTOKI: It won't even budge.
Kagura: What's on that disc anyway?
GINTOKI: How would I know?
GINTOKI: The former owner jammed it in there.
Kagura: There's something written on the disc.
GINTOKI: The Cursed Blu-ray?
GINTOKI: What's this?
shinpachi: Beats me.
shinpachi: I've heard of cursed video tapes.
shinpachi: The ones where you die \Nif you watch them.
Kagura: I've heard about that.
Kagura: A ghost comes out of \Nthe TV and kills you.
GINTOKI: It's coming for me!
shinpachi: But I've never heard of \Na cursed Blu-ray before.
Kagura: Ghosts also have to \Nkeep up with the times.
GINTOKI: Th-This isn't funny!
GINTOKI: I don't want to see a \Nhigh-definition ghost!
GINTOKI: Damn that bitch!
GINTOKI: I'm gonna return this thing!
shinpachi: You didn't unplug it!
GINTOKI: I put it in!
Kagura: That's great.
Kagura: Let's watch it then.
GINTOKI: What are you babbling about?!
GINTOKI: Do you want to die?!
shinpachi: It was probably just a prank.
shinpachi: That cursed video tape was just a story.
GINTOKI: Just turn the TV off!
shinpachi: Man...
shinpachi: I'll turn the volume down.
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: The remote isn't working.
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Wait a second!
GINTOKI: This is...
GINTOKI: where that person lives!
GINTOKI: This is really bad...
GINTOKI: There it comes!
GINTOKI: It was all true!
GINTOKI: We're so screwed!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Grab a pot lid!
GINTOKI: Hold it back!
GINTOKI: Don't let it get out!
shinpachi: That's not how it works!
GINTOKI: Destroy it! Destroy the TV!
shinpachi: It...
shinpachi: It stopped moving.
Ghost: K-Kotatsu...
GINTOKI: Kotatsu?!
GINTOKI: What's that supposed to mean?!
GINTOKI: Is that some kind of deadly curse?!
shinpachi: Ah! She's leaving.
Ghost: Did I turn it off?
GINTOKI: So she meant kotatsu as \Nin the heated table?!
GINTOKI: She went back to make \Nsure she turned it off?!
shinpachi: And is there a kotatsu down there?!
GINTOKI: Come up with a plan \Nbefore she comes back!
GINTOKI: She already finished checking! Damn!
Ghost: P-Plug...
GINTOKI: Hey!
shinpachi: Now she's going back to \Nunplug the whole thing!
shinpachi: That's one oversensitive ghost!
shinpachi: Though I understand the feeling!
shinpachi: It happens!
GINTOKI: She can't come out of the TV if
GINTOKI: Maybe she's been cursed by the kotatsu!
GINTOKI: Maybe she should just flip the breaker?!
Kagura: She's having trouble getting up.
GINTOKI: She brought the kotatsu with her!
shinpachi: She was so worried that she \Nbrought the kotatsu out with her!
shinpachi: And this is the wrong season \Nfor a kotatsu anyway!
GINTOKI: That's not gonna happen!
shinpachi: She can't bring that thing \Nout of the TV with her!
shinpachi: Our TV's too small!
shinpachi: It won't fit through!
shinpachi: You have to lead with the corner!
GINTOKI: Hell no! Don't help her!
GINTOKI: And how are you supposed \Nto get inside the TV?!
Kagura: I feel bad for her though.
Kagura: She's about to cry.
GINTOKI: so could you leave?
GINTOKI: so you can give it another shot then.
shinpachi: She's making herself comfortable.
shinpachi: She's watching TV from inside the TV.
Kagura: What's she trying to do?
GINTOKI: Don't give me any crap!
GINTOKI: I told you to leave!
GINTOKI: This is our TV!
GINTOKI: You'll be off to a pretty crappy world!
Ghost: I-I'm sorry...
Ghost: I don't mean any harm.
Ghost: Could you spare one channel \Nfor me to spend the night?
GINTOKI: Screw that!
GINTOKI: Why should we let a ghost \Nuse one of our channels?!
Ghost: Y-You've got it wrong.
Ghost: I'm not a suspicious ghost.
Ghost: Look.
GINTOKI: Y-You're...
GINTOKI: That's...
Ghost: I-I'm an angel.
Ghost: An imaginary angel.
Ghost: Blu-wraith.
shinpachi: You're obviously not an angel!
shinpachi: You look the same as you did before!
shinpachi: More like you became an angel by
shinpachi: What's that thing hanging \Nfrom your neck?!
Ghost: Don't worry. I can't leave the TV.
Ghost: These defiled wings \Ncan't carry me anywhere.
Ghost: I can only look up at the \Nsky from my rectangular box.
shinpachi: Blu-wraith is getting all blue on us!
shinpachi: She's doing justice to her name!
Ghost: I was created by a mad \Nscientist from another planet
Ghost: as a program to place in \NBlu-rays for invading cities.
Ghost: that possesses every \Nsystem and destroys all.
shinpachi: That's not very angelic.
shinpachi: I'd call you a demon.
Ghost: the professor had to sell me to a \Nrecycle shop to pay off his debts.
shinpachi: So you're the cursed Blu-ray
Ghost: P-Please...
Ghost: I have nowhere else to go.
Ghost: Let me stay in this TV.
Ghost: One channel is all I need.
Ghost: Let me stay in this Braun tube.
GINTOKI: This is all too sudden.
Kagura: Are you sure you want to stay \Nin this cramped and dirty 1LDK?
Kagura: You could stay in a fancy 3D home.
Ghost: I-I guess you don't want a \Ndirty Blu-ray like me around.
shinpachi: Huh?
Kagura: Of course...
Kagura: Everyone's had their turn with me
Kagura: Nobody would want to play \Nthis slutty Blu-ray.
shinpachi: Sh-Should you really be
GINTOKI: She's a Blu-ray.
Ghost: I can no longer fly anywhere \Non these slutty wings.
Ghost: I can't make it to \Nchannel 5 or channel 4.
Ghost: I belong on the dark Video 1.
shinpachi: She just revealed that \Nshe wants to be on Video 1.
Ghost: If that is too much to ask for...
shinpachi: Ah! Wait!
Ghost: I don't need these wings.
Ghost: Maybe these wings will carry me away
GINTOKI: Hold on! Calm down!
GINTOKI: Video 1!
GINTOKI: Video 1's what you want?!
Ghost: What? Can I?
GINTOKI: Only until you find another home!
GINTOKI: And promise that you \Nwon't leave Video 1!
Ghost: Th-Thank you. I'm so happy...
Ghost: H-Huh?
Ghost: That's odd.
GINTOKI: Very odd! Very red!
Ghost: I want to show my appreciation.
Ghost: But I have nothing to offer.
GINTOKI: Let us control the TV!
GINTOKI: Why are you flashing your right wing?!
Ghost: And please don't switch to Video 1
GINTOKI: What are you going to give us?!
GINTOKI: Don't do it!
GINTOKI: You only have one wing left!
Ghost: It doesn't matter.
Ghost: but my corpse can serve as a \Nlaunchpad to send you high up.
GINTOKI: Video 1 is off-limits for now.
shinpachi: Let's watch something to cheer us up.
shinpachi: Is it time for Laugh Away?
Kagura: Who's going to be on \NTelephone Shocking tonight?
Tamo: Did you cut off your wing?
Ghost: Yes.
Tamo: {\a6}Did you cut your hair?
Ghost: {\a6}I cut off my wing.
shinpachi: Who brought her on?
shinpachi: Why isn't Tamo-san saying anything?
shinpachi: And there's only one bouquet.
shinpachi: From herself.
Tamo: Introduce me to your friends.
shinpachi: No reaction.
shinpachi: This is as bad as when \NAkira Emoto was on.
GINTOKI: Stop it!
GINTOKI: Stop making our TV blue!
GINTOKI: Change!
GINTOKI: Change channels!
Ghost: No...
Ghost: I wanted my husband to \Npay attention to me.
Ghost: So I snapped my wing off.
GINTOKI: Everything's the same color!
GINTOKI: A very black blue!
GINTOKI: Stop it.
GINTOKI: Drop a zero.
GINTOKI: Tsk.
GINTOKI: I'm at a crossroads in my life.
GINTOKI: You understand?
GINTOKI: You better earn me the 50 grand back.
Ghost: I-I'm sorry about causing \Nyou so much trouble.
Ghost: I couldn't fit on a
Ghost: of destroying entire cities.
Ghost: I'm really sorry.
Ghost: I will hang myself in apology.
GINTOKI: Listen to me.
GINTOKI: No more hanging or wing snapping.
GINTOKI: You're gonna pay me back \Nby serving as my navigator.
Ghost: Th-Thank you.
Ghost: You have set me free from my cage.
Ghost: Y-You're like my wings...
Ghost: I no longer need this defiled wing.
GINTOKI: Stop! I told you to stop that!
GINTOKI: You really want to rip your wings off!
GINTOKI: Take better care of your body!
Ghost: because I may feel blue. \NBut my blood is still red.
GINTOKI: Tell me the way to the hospital!
GINTOKI: This is where we're going.
GINTOKI: Bring up the map!
Ghost: U-Understood.
Ghost: The blue wing is our current location.
Ghost: Our destination is the red wing.
GINTOKI: The whole screen is covered in red!
GINTOKI: Who said anything about blood?!
GINTOKI: How is this supposed to calm me down?!
GINTOKI: I can't tell where I'm \Ngoing with all this blood!
GINTOKI: You should give me a more \Nrealistic demonstration!
GINTOKI: That's not what I meant!
Ghost: Like this?
GINTOKI: And tell me stuff like how many \Nmeters many until a turn to the right.
Ghost: Turn right in 25 meters.
Ghost: Turn right in 50 meters.
Ghost: Turn right in 75 meters.
GINTOKI: I'm back where I started?
GINTOKI: Do you know what you're doing?
Ghost: I'm sorry...
Ghost: But I only have a right wing to turn....
GINTOKI: Nobody said to turn your wing!
Ghost: I-I'm sorry...
Ghost: It will be another 125 meters \Nbefore I can snap the next bone.
GINTOKI: Nobody wants to hear about \Nyour broken angel wing!
GINTOKI: Give me my damn directions!
Ghost: Y-Yes...
Ghost: Nobody cares about me.
Ghost: Turn left.
Ghost: And then...
Ghost: Continue forward.
GINTOKI: Are you trying to kill me?!
Ghost: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: What a pain!
GINTOKI: This navigation system \Nis a pain the ass!
Ghost: Y-Yes...
Ghost: My navigation is too heavy.
Ghost: I am nothing but a chain on your legs.
Ghost: Goodbye.
Ghost: Take care.
GINTOKI: The hell are you on?! I'm riding \Non the scooter you're in!
GINTOKI: F-Fine!
GINTOKI: Just give me directions right now!
GINTOKI: Focus on navigating!
Ghost: R-Really?
Ghost: Then I'll try my best.
Ghost: Turn right in 150 meters.
Ghost: Turn left in 20 meters.
Ghost: Kotatsu six kilometers behind.
GINTOKI: What does your kotatsu \Nhave to do with anything?!
GINTOKI: You want me to turn around?!
GINTOKI: You need to go check \Nif it's turned off?!
GINTOKI: Why do you keep worrying \Nabout your kotatsu?!
Ghost: You are too far away from the kotatsu.
GINTOKI: Who cares how far away the kotatsu is?!
GINTOKI: How does that even make sense?!
GINTOKI: Where is your heart?!
Ghost: So close...
Ghost: And yet so far away.
Ghost: You are so far away...
GINTOKI: This navigation system \Nis a pain in the ass!
GINTOKI: It's like you're straight out \Nof a Shinji Nojima serial!
GINTOKI: I'm just kidding! You're \Nnot a pain in the ass!
GINTOKI: Thank you for the concern!
GINTOKI: Focus!
Ghost: I'm sorry.
Ghost: I can't stop worrying \Nabout the kotatsu...
Ghost: Are you sure? Are you really sure?
GINTOKI: It's fine! Stop worrying.
Ghost: I'm sorry.
Ghost: I had a traumatic experience \Ninvolving a kotatsu.
Ghost: Yes...
Ghost: I was waiting for him that day...
GINTOKI: You're like those couples who \Nget stuck in a traffic jam
GINTOKI: and start watching shows \Non their navigation system!
Ghost: My boyfriend was so possessive that \Nhe wouldn't let me go outside.
GINTOKI: Boyfriend?!
GINTOKI: Isn't that the mad \Nscientist who made you?!
GINTOKI: And is this like a flashback \Nin a flashback?!
Ghost: he would use d-doner kebab.
GINTOKI: Domestic violence!
GINTOKI: You were completely off!
GINTOKI: And did he just rip off a wing?!
GINTOKI: You had two earlier!
GINTOKI: Hell if I care!
GINTOKI: And how come you can talk straight now!
Ghost: I tried to convince myself that \Nhe was acting out of love.
Ghost: But there was one thing that worried me.
Ghost: My mad boyfriend would always leave me and go away...
GINTOKI: You're the one who's mad!
Ghost: He went to Fukuoka a while back.
Ghost: Are these really business trips?
Ghost: Or is he going to see other women?
GINTOKI: Aren't you from a different planet?!
Ghost: I could only sit under a kotatsu and
Ghost: watch reruns of Shinji \NNojima serials while
GINTOKI: What the hell?
GINTOKI: Why does it have to be Shinji Nojima?!
Ghost: Then I woke up.
Ghost: I could smell something delicious.
Ghost: It was a gift from Nagoya.
Ghost: My boyfriend was really \Non a business trip!
Ghost: And he bought a present for me.
Ghost: But then I realized that \Nit wasn't a present from Nagoya.
Ghost: It was my wing that had been burned \Nby the heat from the kotatsu.
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: I-It's okay!
GINTOKI: Everybody has to deal \Nwith their own pain!
GINTOKI: Wh-Who cares if you \Ndon't have any wings?!
GINTOKI: You don't need any wings!
GINTOKI: I'll take you where you want to go!
GINTOKI: Let me out!
GINTOKI: I'm innocent!
Guard: I have a depraved samurai here who
Guard: to an adult establishment.
Guard: Keep an eye on him.
GINTOKI: H-He's the real thing!
GINTOKI: W-Wait a moment!
GINTOKI: Nobody told me this would happen!
GINTOKI: Is it really okay for that thug to be a prison guard?!
GINTOKI: Let me out! I'm innocent!
GINTOKI: The real culprit is that sick warden!
Old: Newbie.
GINTOKI: I don't intend to be part of any roll call.
Old: You won't last long if you disobey him.
Old: Kuzunosuke Beri.
Old: He's the head warden here.
Old: He's involved in a lot of dirty business such as torturing prisoners.
Old: The law won't do you any good here.
Old: We're in his kingdom.
GINTOKI: Th-That's not funny...
GINTOKI: It won't be long before my people produce evidence
GINTOKI: that I was framed and prove my innocence.
Kagura: Only two years of prison time! You'll be out in no time! Isn't it great?
GINTOKI: I see. Only two years...
GINTOKI: ...my ass!
GINTOKI: Why are you acting like this is good news when it's terrible news?!
Kagura: and it even says that you assaulted that guard.
GINTOKI: Son of a bitch!
GINTOKI: So he's blaming me for the crime and his freaky role playing?!
shinpachi: but his father happens to be a big cop
shinpachi: His ass is covered.
Kagura: Keep your asshole safe.
GINTOKI: This isn't funny.
GINTOKI: If our positions were switched
GINTOKI: if that's what it takes to save them.
GINTOKI: Were you also framed by that rotten guard?
Old: I'm just your average two-bit criminal.
GINTOKI: What'd you do?
Old: I can't remember that far back.
GINTOKI: How long are you in here?
Old: I believe that I still have...
Old: ...210 years.
GINTOKI: Guard! Please put me in a different room!
GINTOKI: No shit!
GINTOKI: And what'd you do to warrant a 200-year sentence?!
GINTOKI: That's like Demon King Piccolo level!
GINTOKI: Who is that to...
Guard: You still haven't given up on that?
Guard: Put yourself in the shoes of a son
Guard: Hold on.
Old: I paid you at the beginning of the month.
Guard: You're only allowed to receive stuff from the outside once a month.
Guard: Yet I'm putting in the effort to bring you letters every week.
GINTOKI: You enjoy shaking old geezers for change?
GINTOKI: Do you need the money to play a crane game?
Guard: Crane game...
Guard: since I love playing with the toys in this pen.
GINTOKI: You sure know how to have a good time.
GINTOKI: Let me join in.
Guard: This is my personal privilege.
Guard: I'll play with you soon enough.
GINTOKI: Guess you owe me now.
Guard: Bastard! When did you...
Guard: B-Bastard...
Guard: Don't forget.
Guard: You'll soon find out what happens to people who oppose me.
Guard: I guarantee it.
Old: You're not getting my pudding.
Old: But I'll give you my sliced radishes
GINTOKI: You're just giving me the stuff you don't like.
GINTOKI: What was in the letter?
Old: Just some small talk.
GINTOKI: You're bribing that warden so you can make small talk?
Old: I have no other use for my money when I'm stuck
Old: I'm an old man in prison.
Old: I'm sure that my family has suffered because of my actions.
Old: But my son's the only one left to make amends with.
GINTOKI: Why don't you just have him visit
Old: A felon like me isn't allowed visitors.
GINTOKI: You'll be able to see your son?
Old: as long as there isn't any trouble.
Old: I understand that you've been thrown in here
Old: Please...
Old: Please...
GINTOKI: Let's make a deal.
GINTOKI: so you should help me with mine.
Old: What?
Old: Wh-Why you...
Old: Not that!
GINTOKI: Gramps!
GINTOKI: You call yourself a model prisoner?!
GINTOKI: Look at you making a huge fuss over pudding!
Old: Give it back!
Old: Give back my bouncy pudding!
GINTOKI: Do you care more about your son or your pudding?!
Old: My s-sonding!
GINTOKI: What the hell is a sonding?!
GINTOKI: The title of some Jump Square series?!
GINTOKI: Nothing! Just having a discussion about a bouncy pudding!
GINTOKI: What the hell?
GINTOKI: You were about to lose your chance
Old: Listen to me.
Old: You better give me my pudding back once the week is up.
GINTOKI: Man...
Old: Understand?
Old: I'm sure that you don't want any trouble with the warden...
GINTOKI: I understand perfectly.
GINTOKI: These guys want to make trouble.
Old: Th-That's...
Old: Shachi!
Old: but the warden used his connections to bring him here as an underling!
Old: The King of Criminals!
Old: Shachi the Killer!
Old: N-Not good!
Shachi: The warden told us about you.
Shachi: He said there were a couple of punching bags that wouldn't fight back.
Shachi: but I like the idea of beating an old man to death.
Shachi: Wh-What's with that look?
Shachi: You wanna fight?
Shachi: You don't care if you never get to see your son again?!
Old: No! He's gonna kill me!
GINTOKI: There are jellyfish on your shoulders.
Old: Fashion!
Old: Those are for fashion!
Old: To show that he's the king of this prison!
GINTOKI: And your gloves are so worn that your fingers are sticking out.
GINTOKI: since I'm the only one who seems to have noticed.
GINTOKI: What? You all knew?
GINTOKI: So you've been holding back your laughter?
GINTOKI: Outfit?
GINTOKI: So you cut the fingers off your gloves?
GINTOKI: Why would you do that?
GINTOKI: You could just take off the gloves if they're too tight.
GINTOKI: Are the scars on your forehead the same?
GINTOKI: You cut yourself up?
GINTOKI: I guess it wouldn't make sense for actual scars to be so perfectly aligned.
GINTOKI: Why?
GINTOKI: Why would you hurt yourself like that?
Old: Just drop the subject!
Old: Don't provoke Shachi anymore!
Shachi: I-It was just...
Old: Shachi!
Old: You're destroying your image!
Shachi: It's not like I wanted an X on my forehead.
Shachi: I'm fine with turning it into a semicolon.
Shachi: I don't care if I look cool or not.
Shachi: And I don't care how my clothes look if they're comfortable!
Shachi: I'm never gonna wear shoulder pads again!
Old: A hissy fit!
Old: Shachi's throwing a hissy fit!
Shachi: You said that someone was laughing at me?
Shachi: Tell me who it was!
GINTOKI: We can't afford to cause any trouble right now.
Shachi: I don't give a damn!
Shachi: Now I have to kill you!
GINTOKI: That would be smart.
GINTOKI: I won't have to rat out my buddies.
GINTOKI: And you won't have to kill yours.
GINTOKI: We're both grown men.
GINTOKI: So man up.
Shachi: That's the second time I've seen
All: Huh?
Shachi: I'll let you settle this.
Shachi: Don't worry.
Old: I didn't see this coming!
Old: What is he doing?!
Old: What is he trying to do?!
GINTOKI: Run.
Old: I see!
GINTOKI: Oof.
Old: Wh-Wha...
Old: What are you doing?!
Shachi: H-Hey!
Shachi: What's the meaning of this?!
GINTOKI: Take care of your buddies.
Shachi: B-Bro!
Guard: Looks like you got in a big fight.
Guard: Huh?
Guard: What?
Shachi: Bro! Bro!
Guard: What the hell?!
Shachi: Bro!
Old: the warden continued to harass him.
Guard: We'll be searching each cell!
Honda: That's my porn!
Guard: Cell 316...
Guard: You're headed straight to the disciplinary room!
GINTOKI: Why would I steal a DVD when I'm stuck in a cell without a TV?
Guard: You haven't had any contact with women.
Guard: The cover is all you needed.
GINTOKI: I don't let the cover fool me!
GINTOKI: I also check the images on the back!
Guard: Shut up!
GINTOKI: How did you know where it was?
Guard: Enough of your chatter!
Guard: I saw him pull the DVD out from under your bed!
GINTOKI: You saw him pull it out?
GINTOKI: Then...
GINTOKI: Why didn't you notice that the cover had been removed?
Guard: Th-That's because...
Guard: I borrowed that DVD once.
Guard: And it had a cover back then.
Guard: With images on it...
GINTOKI: the person who removed the cover must be the culprit.
GINTOKI: Isn't that right?
Guard: Th-This is...!
Guard: Could he have slipped it in then?!
Shachi: Enough already!
Men: Don't screw with us!
Guard: No...
Shachi: A guard stealing?! Have you no shame?!
Shachi: You should cut open your belly.
All: Seppuku! Seppuku! Seppuku!
Guard: Bastard...
Guard: He turned my own trap against me!
All: Seppuku! Seppuku!
GINTOKI: I'm sure he just shifted the blame on me
GINTOKI: since that's all the warden apparently needs.
Shachi: He definitely isn't getting any!
GINTOKI: I'm not equipped to deal with a kid in puberty.
Guard: Did he finish his letter?
Guard: Hand it over then.
GINTOKI: The evil guard is delivering mail in the middle of the night?
GINTOKI: You're pretty diligent.
Guard: Remember this.
Guard: it's either to make a deal or to make a threat.
GINTOKI: I'm not interested in either.
Guard: Even if I'm offering to set you free?
Guard: It's very simple.
Guard: I need you to start a ruckus.
Guard: Play the role of a troublemaker.
GINTOKI: Let's just cut to the chase.
GINTOKI: You want to screw up the plans of Gramps here.
GINTOKI: All that pestering him for money was just to provoke him.
GINTOKI: You were trying to drive him into making trouble.
GINTOKI: That's why you were picking a fight with me.
GINTOKI: You wanted him to be associated with a troublemaker
GINTOKI: so you could get his clemency revoked.
GINTOKI: So he won't be able to see his son...
GINTOKI: Yet you keep delivering his letters.
Guard: Give that letter to Gramps.
Shachi: Bro!
Shachi: Say "ahhh"!
Shachi: Because you don't seem to have much of an appetite...
GINTOKI: That's because you've been spreading T-Virus everywhere.
GINTOKI: Go back to Raccoon City!
Old: I'll eat it for you then...
Old: I appreciate it.
Old: Was there a reply yet?
GINTOKI: Nope.
Old: I see...
Shachi: Did your long-awaited meeting fall through?
Old: Eh?!
Old: Of course not!
Old: Didn't you send an entry to the Shounen Jump Treasure contest?!
Old: Did you get a reply?!
Shachi: How did you know that?!
Old: A prisoner was about to kill himself when a reaper appeared before him!
Old: Could you be any more emo?!
Shachi: We can use this chance to take revenge on the
Shachi: Riot!
Shachi: Let's pull a prison version of Resident Evil
GINTOKI: but I'm an innocent man.
Shachi: Bro! We're not on death row!
GINTOKI: You are.
GINTOKI: pecking at your brain until it was passport-sized.
Old: Yeah!
Old: I won't get to see my son!
Old: You'll lose your shot at the Treasure award!
Shachi: I haven't lost my shot!
Shachi: It hasn't even started!
Shachi: Especially the felons.
GINTOKI: Good grief.
GINTOKI: I'll deal with the warden before he gets any funny ideas.
Old: How?
GINTOKI: I'll start a ruckus.
GINTOKI: But it's going to be my own.
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: Everybody loves pajamas.
GINTOKI: Jammies!
Shachi: I guess it wasn't us.
Shachi: We need to get back before we're caught.
GINTOKI: Grow a spine.
GINTOKI: They're busy looking for whoever stole the keys.
GINTOKI: They won't care about a couple fellows skipping work.
GINTOKI: Let's go.
Shachi: They're gonna care!
Shachi: Because the person who stole the keys is right here!
GINTOKI: Huh? Where?
Shachi: It's you! Why are you acting surprised?!
GINTOKI: I didn't steal anything.
GINTOKI: I just picked up the keys after someone dropped them.
GINTOKI: And I'm going to give them back.
Shachi: That doesn't make it okay!
Shachi: That's not even close to my name.
Shachi: You must have stolen clothes from the guards.
GINTOKI: Listen up.
GINTOKI: I'm a guard in pajamas.
GINTOKI: You're the prisoner I'm bringing in.
Shachi: Nothing's changed!
Shachi: How are you a guard in pajamas?!
Shachi: The only difference is you're wearing a western style prison uniform
Shachi: instead of an Asian one!
GINTOKI: Don't blame me.
GINTOKI: The guard was working a night shift so he had his pajamas on.
Shachi: Why was the guard wearing pajamas like that?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: If I put on a bandanna and carry a stick...
GINTOKI: See? Don't I look like a guard in pajamas?
Shachi: Don't act like guards in pajamas are a common phenomenon!
Shachi: Nobody's seen one before!
GINTOKI: Then I won't pretend to be a guard.
GINTOKI: I'm a pajama kid with a pillow and I don't believe in ghosts.
Shachi: Why would a pajama kid be walking around with a prisoner?!
Shachi: And who cares if you believe in ghosts?!
Shachi: What's that in your right hand?!
Shachi: What are we supposed to say if they find us?!
Shachi: K-Keep it down!
Shachi: Or this pajama kid is gonna get it!
GINTOKI: H-Help me pajama!
GINTOKI: Shut up! Everyone wants to be a pajama kid!
Shachi: Why are you a bad guy now?!
Shachi: Raise your hands! Outta the way!
Shachi: Clear the path!
Shachi: Listen to me.
Shachi: These white lines will be completely red!
GINTOKI: Then go into the locker room and change into your pajamas!
GINTOKI: Go!
E: We're on high alert!
E: Get the prisoners into their cells!
F: I-I'm sorry...
Shachi: We need to hurry!
Shachi: Damn! I can't find anything incriminating!
Shachi: Bro!
GINTOKI: I had the kids on the outside do some research.
GINTOKI: I gave them one of the letters the old man's been getting
GINTOKI: and told them to check the address.
GINTOKI: They went to the address to see his son.
GINTOKI: But they didn't find him.
Shachi: He wasn't there?
GINTOKI: No.
GINTOKI: And it wasn't just the wrong address.
GINTOKI: He's no longer in this world.
Shachi: You mean...
GINTOKI: His son died ten years ago.
GINTOKI: Of disease.
GINTOKI: He's been writing letters to someone who will never get them.
GINTOKI: That would explain why he never got any responses.
GINTOKI: From someone who no longer existed...
Shachi: Who was it?!
Shachi: Were those letters written by a ghost?!
E: Looks like your own men hate you as much as the prisoners do.
E: we'll take out all our stress on the warden!
E: Watch closely.
E: We're going to beat the warden to death!
GINTOKI: his son was the only light in his dark world.
GINTOKI: But it was an illusion.
GINTOKI: There was no light.
GINTOKI: But you couldn't take that away from him.
GINTOKI: So he gave him what he could.
GINTOKI: That would explain why they only made small talk.
Warden: I'm sending you all to the disciplinary room.
Shachi: I never imagined that the sick and twisted warden was
Shachi: He pretended to be the old man's son to hide his death.
GINTOKI: That's why he's been trying to get me to make trouble.
GINTOKI: To get his clemency revoked.
Shachi: Why would the warden do this?
GINTOKI: Beats me.
GINTOKI: He probably doesn't know either.
G: Open the doors and release the guards at once!
G: Or else you will all have your sentences increased!
GINTOKI: The warden's wish came true in an unexpected way.
GINTOKI: The old man's clemency ain't happening now.
Shachi: That doesn't matter!
Shachi: Those guys aren't gonna let the warden live!
GINTOKI: Can't have that.
GINTOKI: I'll make him pay for the crime of fooling a weak old man.
GINTOKI: Thanks for the help.
GINTOKI: Now hide.
Shachi: It's my turn to use you.
Shachi: I don't give a damn about the old man or the guards.
Shachi: But I can't let our sentences be extended because of one stupid warden.
Shachi: I'll act as a decoy and draw the attention of the guards.
Shachi: Use that opening to deal with this riot.
Shachi: Go crazy and get some more time tacked onto your sentence.
Shachi: Then we can continue to have a blast in this place.
H: It's Shachi!
H: Get him!
Shachi: Catch me if you can.
Shachi: But it won't be easy to grab the sleeve of the king of criminals!
H: Your sleeves were ripped off!
Shachi: It's Shachi!
G: Damn! They used the commotion to run away!
F: Shachi's men aren't around either!
Warden: The prisoners want me.
Warden: I'll hold them here.
Warden: Give this to the old man.
Warden: It's the last letter.
Warden: Move it!
Guards: Warden!
Warden: Greetings.
Warden: I apologize that this isn't a letter from your son.
Warden: and you are no longer receiving letters from your son.
Warden: Your son is doing fine.
Warden: so it's difficult for him to send letters.
Warden: There is a lot of paperwork that has to be done
Warden: before you can receive mail from another planet.
Warden: I apologize that I was unable to continue delivering his letters.
Warden: The hardened criminals weren't going
Warden: and the guards resented me for my connections.
Warden: as well as the fact that the outside light was a ray of hope
Warden: for the prisoners in their dark cells...
Warden: I learned everything from you.
Warden: I can't say that I'm a respectable member of society.
Warden: I'm aware that I have nothing to be proud of.
Warden: All I could manage was to help deliver these letters.
Warden: but please don't forget that there is
Warden: Please remember that your son is not the only person
Warden: It was nice knowing you.
Warden: From the evil prison warden.
GINTOKI: That's prison etiquette.
GINTOKI: Especially when you're entering the disciplinary room.
GINTOKI: There might be a really violent criminal inside.
All: Son of a bitch!
Warden: B-Bastard...
Warden: Why are you here?
GINTOKI: It's too early for you to die.
Warden: Bastard...
F: Hey! Have you forgotten what he did to us?!
GINTOKI: I haven't forgotten.
GINTOKI: Let me handle this.
GINTOKI: You've blown off enough steam.
GINTOKI: Did you forget your promise to me?
GINTOKI: Let's start the first Tournament of Stress!
Prisoners: Bring it!
GINTOKI: Welcome to my disciplinary room!
F: Warden!
F: Over there! There's a prisoner!
F: Why is he in a western uniform?!
Warden: Enough.
Warden: Set him free.
Warden: These prison walls can't contain him.
J: We got prison guards and prisoners sleeping next to each other.
J: Huh? Why not?
J: The warden isn't going to let us off.
GINTOKI: I heard that you're going to shoulder the prisoners' crimes.
Warden: I knew that it was risky to play with prisoners
Warden: since there are people like you.
GINTOKI: What I did was nothing compared to your letter business.
GINTOKI: You chose a kind illusion over harsh reality.
GINTOKI: you're obligated to keep up the lie until the very end.
GINTOKI: But you got scared
GINTOKI: that he would eventually find out you were lying.
GINTOKI: So you gave up and ran away.
Warden: I no longer have the right to walk through this door.
GINTOKI: You don't have the right to whine either.
GINTOKI: You're supposed to be an evil warden.
GINTOKI: or keep feeding him illusions until the day he dies.
GINTOKI: One or the other.
GINTOKI: Make sure the old man knows your decision.
GINTOKI: And then I'll forgive you for throwing me in the slammer.
Warden: The old man never told me
Warden: I don't know what I'm doing anymore.
GINTOKI: You pretended to be his son and offered him false hope.
GINTOKI: But your feelings for the old man are no illusion.
GINTOKI: Come on. It's time for the meeting.
GINTOKI: No longer have the right to go in?
GINTOKI: That's not true.
GINTOKI: I have a criminal who's been
Shachi: you mother-licking insect!
Warden: Y-You bastards...
Shachi: Any longer and the chief will find out...
Shachi: Got it?
Warden: Yeah...
Shachi: Huh? Already?
Warden: I've been...
GINTOKI: Ow!
GINTOKI: and they just snatched it away from us.
shinpachi: Snatched it away from us?
shinpachi: It wasn't their decision.
shinpachi: There were obviously extenuating \Ncircumstances involved.
GINTOKI: these guys...
GINTOKI: ...are clearly trying to supplant us!
GINTOKI: Clearly trying to overtake us!
shinpachi: Why are you repeating yourself?
shinpachi: Don't make false accusations.
shinpachi: It's pretty common to find a story \Nabout people doing odd jobs.
Kagura: And there are lots of examples \Nof series with a trio.
Kagura: Like this.
Kagura: And this.
Kagura: They're all the same.
GINTOKI: It's not the same.
GINTOKI: Their characters have more personality.
GINTOKI: Why do you talk normally?
GINTOKI: You want me to kill you?
GINTOKI: Why haven't your boobs \Ngotten any bigger?
GINTOKI: Why are they shrinking?
Kagura: What was that?!
Kagura: You're the one who started \Noff wearing goggles
Kagura: before they disappeared for no reason!
shinpachi: Why don't you learn how to Connect?!
shinpachi: Why don't you get yourself \Na twin brother?!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: I'm not gonna wear those \Nthings around every episode!
GINTOKI: Don't you realize the limitations \Nof the author's drawing ability?!
GINTOKI: That's why the goggles were removed \Nfrom the beginning of the anime!
GINTOKI: you worthless goggles!
GINTOKI: are sidekicks like Usopp \Nand kid Konohamaru!
GINTOKI: Gintama and Sket Dance \Njust lacks pizazz.
shinpachi: That's not true!
shinpachi: And don't blame them!
GINTOKI: Why did Jump bother with \Nthis boring crossover?
GINTOKI: I guarantee that they're not \Ntrying to get us all buddy-buddy.
shinpachi: Then what's the point of this crossover?
Bossun: That should be obvious.
GINTOKI: Wh-Who is it?!
SFX: Impact
Next time: Next time: Spirit Dance!
GINTOKI: And I ask you where your brother has gone?
GINTOKI: He's trapped in some dimension \Nbetween game and reality.
Otae: He showed up with that thing and said that
Otae: and he's been like this ever since.
Kagura: It's okay.
Otae: That won't work! Shin-chan \Nis in heat all year round!
Otae: Are dating sims supposed \Nto turn men into that?
GINTOKI: I wouldn't know.
Kondo: dating sims are games where the
GINTOKI: Why is this guy showing himself \Nlike nothing is wrong?
GINTOKI: Why is he acting like he's \Nbeen up there the whole time?
Kondo: for men who have no luck with women.
Kondo: the more likely he is to \Nget hooked on dating sims.
Kondo: So a super S-class cherry boy like \NShinpachi-kun will stand no chance.
Kagura: A super S-class stalker shouldn't be talking.
Kondo: This game was able to completely \Nhook a veteran date simmer like me.
Kondo: It is difficult to describe the \Ndestructive powers of this game.
Kondo: That's what my girlfriend Sayaka-chan said.
Sayaka: I'm Sayaka.
GINTOKI: Those destructive powers did a number on you.
Otae: Th-This can't be!
Otae: Does that mean Shin-chan might \Nnever return from the dark side?!
Kondo: Sayaka-chan!
GINTOKI: Did you try to make contact?
shinpachi: What are you doing?
shinpachi: Please don't touch Momo-san!
Kondo: He's so mentally unstable that he \Nthinks the game is his girlfriend.
GINTOKI: How do we do that?
Kondo: That should be obvious.
Game: Welcome to the world of Love Choris.
Game: Please begin by inputting your name
GINTOKI: Hey! Why do I have to play this crap?!
Kondo: To bring Shinpachi-kun \Nback to the real world.
GINTOKI: Don't give me that crap!
GINTOKI: That'll take too long!
GINTOKI: How am I supposed to get \Nhooked on a kiddie game?!
Kondo: It doesn't matter if you \Nget hooked on the game.
Kondo: You just need to be in \Nthe same world as he is.
GINTOKI: Why don't you go talk to Shinpachi?
Kondo: You think Shinpachi-kun \Nis going to listen to me?
Kondo: Love Choris is a game where \Nyou win over one of the
Kondo: heroines and engage in a
Kondo: The first heroine is Sayaka Otakai-chan.
Kondo: She is the captain of the railway \Nclub that you're also in.
Kondo: An excellent student and athlete
GINTOKI: Why are you part of her description?
Sayaka: {\an8}I sure like you.
GINTOKI: You just happened to choose \Nher as your heroine.
Kondo: The second heroine is Momo Anigasaki-san.
Kondo: She's one year older than the main character
Kondo: Shinpachi-kun chose her as his heroine.
GINTOKI: Why did he choose an older sister character?
GINTOKI: That's pretty disgusting.
Kondo: You don't want to choose
Kondo: Which means you're left \Nwith the third character.
Kondo: Pinko Shiramizu.
GINTOKI: Wait a sec!
GINTOKI: This character is noticeably \Ndifferent from the others!
Kondo: Pinko-chan is the owner \Nof a Chinese restaurant
GINTOKI: This is obviously Pinko!
GINTOKI: It's like she's from a \Ntotally different world!
GINTOKI: Give me Sayaka-chan or Momo-san!
GINTOKI: Doesn't matter.
GINTOKI: It feels better when you finally land them!
GINTOKI: Why is it a shooting game?!
Kondo: And it takes a long time before \NSayaka-chan or Momo-chan show up.
Kondo: You're stuck on Pinko-chan's route now.
GINTOKI: How did you guys get normal heroines?!
GINTOKI: Forget it! Let's just get this over with!
GINTOKI: I'll just win over Pinko!
Kondo: But first...
Kondo: You have to decide what you \Nwant Pinko-chan to call you.
GINTOKI: I don't give a damn!
Kondo: It's more fun if you have her call you by that.
GINTOKI: Forget it! Gintoki will do!
GINTOKI: This is good enough!
Pinko: Takuzo.
GINTOKI: She's completely ignoring me?!
GINTOKI: She didn't even say my name!
GINTOKI: She's still stuck on Takuzo!
Kondo: But you can choose between the pronunciations
GINTOKI: They're all the same!
Kondo: The ones on the right are Takuzo.
GINTOKI: Another choice that \Ninvolves a shooting game?!
GINTOKI: They're all Takuzo!
GINTOKI: Can I just start this game already?!
GINTOKI: Okay! I can finally begin!
GINTOKI: Enough is enough already!
Kondo: You're going to become his new father.
Kondo: It's important to build a strong \Nrelationship with her son.
GINTOKI: There's no way I have to \Nplay a simulation game.
GINTOKI: I'm not wasting my time on this shit!
GINTOKI: Huh?
Kondo: When I restart the game...
Sayaka: Geez...
Sayaka: You just turned off the game again.
Sayaka: {\an8}What was that for?
GINTOKI: Huh? What is this? What is this?
Sayaka: I told you to be gentle.
GINTOKI: What's with her? She's throwing a fit.
Kondo: Sorry! Forgive me!
Sayaka: You want me to forgive you?
Sayaka: Then you have to kiss me ten times.
Kondo: Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! \NSorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
Kondo: Do you understand the capabilities \Nof Love Choris now?
Kondo: They're breathing on the \Nother side of the screen.
GINTOKI: B-But they're 2D.
GINTOKI: You should look at yourself in the \Nmirror. I guarantee you'll cry.
Kondo: Don't be so stubborn.
Kondo: Apologize and patch up your relationship.
GINTOKI: I-It's not worth it.
Kondo: The girls change according \Nto the player's preference.
Kondo: That's the best thing about Love Choris.
Kondo: Didn't you see what happened in my case?
Kondo: My girlfriend gave me the cold shoulder
Kondo: because I suddenly turned off the game.
Kondo: You need to do some sucking up.
Pinko: That was just despicable how \Nyou turned off the game.
GINTOKI: You're right.
GINTOKI: That's amazing.
Pinko: It's all your fault... All your fault...
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: Cold shoulder?! More like cold Enari!
GINTOKI: I can't fix this now!
Kondo: It looks like you were too violent \Nwhen you turned off the game.
Kondo: Just apologize.
Enari: You want me to forgive you?
GINTOKI: I-I'm sorry! Please forgive me!
GINTOKI: I didn't mean any harm!
Pinko: Then recite the Heart \NSutra one hundred times!
GINTOKI: No!
GINTOKI: Why is my Love Choris so different?!
GINTOKI: This isn't a dating sim! \NThis is Resident Evil!
GINTOKI: Her son died.
GINTOKI: You should wait until she's \Ngotten over the loss.
GINTOKI: I can't wait two years!
Kondo: keep working on winning \Nthe heart of Pinko-chan.
Kondo: Do your best to turn her \Ninto your ideal girlfriend.
GINTOKI: Isn't this enough already?
GINTOKI: I should be able to communicate \Nwith Shinpachi now.
Kondo: You really think that this \Nwill be enough to save
Kondo: Shinpachi-kun from the world of Love Choris?
Kondo: You should enter this tournament!
GINTOKI: Th-This is...
GINTOKI: The My Wife World Tournament?
Kondo: Love Choris players from all over the country
Kondo: will gather to determine \Nwhose girlfriend is the best!
Kondo: You must defeat Shinpachi-kun \Nin this tournament.
Kondo: That is the only way to bring him
Kondo: out of his dream and back to the real world.
Kondo: You must shatter his fantasy...
Kondo: ...by using your own fantasy!
Pinko: Wake up!
Pinko: It's morning!
Pinko: How long are you going to sleep?
GINTOKI: Why are you so loud every morning?
GINTOKI: I get to decide when I'm going to wake up.
Pinko: It must be nice to wake up \Nand go to sleep every day.
Pinko: But my son...
Pinko: ...will never wake up again!
GINTOKI: No more! I've had enough!
Kondo: Listen to me.
Kondo: including when you're eating and sleeping.
Kondo: This will help strengthen your bond.
GINTOKI: I did what he said.
GINTOKI: but there hasn't been any improvement.
GINTOKI: Enari is decomposing in real time!
GINTOKI: And this woman is cursing me 24/7.
Pinko: {\an8}I wish you would suffer \Nthe same fate as my son.
GINTOKI: How is this a dating sim?!
GINTOKI: No more!
GINTOKI: Kagura's starting to look at me with disgust.
GINTOKI: Screw Shinpachi and this tournament!
Pinko: I feel the same way.
Pinko: Why would I fall in love with the man
Pinko: who killed my son?
GINTOKI: Uh huh.
Kagura: Is it really that good?
GINTOKI: so I can't really say.
Kagura: I don't get it.
GINTOKI: Yeah...
GINTOKI: I don't get it either.
Kagura: This is why men are called herbivores and
Kagura: considered weaker than women now.
GINTOKI: I know. Me and my sweet \Ntooth don't get it either.
Kagura: This is how he acts when \Nthere are strangers here.
GINTOKI: What the hell...
GINTOKI: What the hell is going on?!
GINTOKI: Everywhere I go! Everywhere I go!
GINTOKI: Pinko and Enari are there!
GINTOKI: It's like I'm really Making \NIt Through with Pinko!
GINTOKI: Gorilla!
Kondo: What are you doing here?
Kondo: The tournament is today.
Kondo: Want a ride?
Kondo: What's wrong? Why are you so flustered?
Kondo: Something crazy?
GINTOKI: Hey! What is this?!
GINTOKI: Hey!
Kondo: It appears that you can finally see them.
GINTOKI: I can finally see them?!
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that...
Kondo: I knew you could make it to this stage.
Kondo: but this world where we can
Kondo: A world only accessible to those \Nwho have mastered Love Choris...
Kondo: The dimension between game and reality...
Kondo: Love Choris Hole!
GINTOKI: We're just insane!
GINTOKI: Love Choris Hole?!
GINTOKI: All this means is that \Nwe've spent so much time
GINTOKI: playing games that we're hallucinating!
Kondo: You're finally on the same \Nlevel as Shinpachi-kun.
GINTOKI: That's a bad thing!
GINTOKI: This ain't funny!
GINTOKI: This is no longer about saving Shinpachi!
Kondo: we have lost our minds.
Kondo: But where are we heading?
GINTOKI: This is one creepy tournament!
GINTOKI: They're all in the Love Choris \NHole like nothing's wrong!
GINTOKI: They've all been hit by a Dazzle spell!
Kondo: A person who hasn't reached the Love Choris Hole
Kondo: is like a Soul Reaper in the Soul \NSociety who can't Bankai.
GINTOKI: It's supposed to be cool?!
Kondo: These people have reached a high level.
Kondo: They have completed their ideal girlfriends.
Kondo: But your girlfriend is also standing out.
GINTOKI: And not in a good way!
GINTOKI: There's no way I can win!
GINTOKI: Of course not.
GINTOKI: Because you're dead.
GINTOKI: Could you please shut up?
GINTOKI: You're scaring me.
Pinko: Watch your back.
Pinko: I'm gonna avenge Enari.
GINTOKI: You sure about that?
GINTOKI: Hell no!
GINTOKI: All I see is a psycho old lady \Nand a decomposing Enari-kun!
GINTOKI: Why is this bitch so cute?
GINTOKI: Your boyfriend was a \Nyandere in the real world!
GINTOKI: Couldn't keep a lid on his load!
Kondo: Hey! Don't say that stuff to Sayaka-chan!
Kyubei: Stop this.
Kyubei: This is not a place for being \Njealous of someone else's love.
Kyubei: It's a place to be proud of your own love.
GINTOKI: You're...
Kondo: Is it...
GINTOKI: Kyubei...
Both: Who the hell are you?!
GINTOKI: It's Pinko!
GINTOKI: A Pinko who's based off Kyubei!
Tojo: Lady!
Kyubei: Ayu-tan!
Kyubei: Where did you go?
Tojo: Wh-Wh-Wha-
Tojo: What are you people doing here?!
GINTOKI: And so...
GINTOKI: Is that supposed to be Kyubei-kun?
Tojo: No way! Absolutely not!
GINTOKI: but you clearly based this \Nsad monster off of Kyubei.
Tojo: I do not have any improper \Nfeelings for the Lady!
Kyubei: Yeah!
Kyubei: I'm not Ayu-tan's girlfriend.
Kyubei: I'm Ayu-tan's mama.
Tojo: Hey! Stop talking!
GINTOKI: but you actually wanted her to baby you.
Tojo: You're wrong!
GINTOKI: What kind of playing are \Nwe taking about here?
GINTOKI: This tournament is messed up.
GINTOKI: People's fetishes are on display.
GINTOKI: And what do other people think about me?
GINTOKI: That little act isn't cute!
GINTOKI: Do it again.
GINTOKI: I wasn't talking to you!
GINTOKI: I wasn't talking to you either!
Kondo: Was there a heroine like that in this game?
GINTOKI: Huh? Isn't that Sa-chan?
Kondo: Looks like her.
Kondo: Did someone want her as a girlfriend?
GINTOKI: Who the hell is this Pin-san?!
GINTOKI: Why did you turn Pinko into this?!
GINTOKI: Isn't this a tournament for \Nshowing off girlfriends!
Sa: Hmm? I have no idea what \Nyou're talking about.
Sa: I'm the ideal girlfriend from Pin-san's game.
Sa: I don't know anything else.
GINTOKI: What's this game called?
GINTOKI: How to make annoying girls?
GINTOKI: AKA Annoying Girl?
Sa: Could you stop that?
Sa: My boyfriend is Pin-san.
Sa: It's too late for you to be jealous.
Sa: It's your turn to suffer the way I did
Sa: when the one I loved had \Nbeen stolen by Pinko!
GINTOKI: Why is she here?
GINTOKI: She's creating fantasy on top of fantasy.
Sa: Let's see if your Pinko or my Pinko wins.
Sa: Sit tighty-whitey!
GINTOKI: What's wrong here?
GINTOKI: Only freaks are using Pinko!
GINTOKI: Let's trade girlfriends.
Sayaka: No!
Kondo: Just suck it up and win with your Pinko-chan.
Kondo: Sayaka-chan will always be mine.
Kondo: Even after death.
Okita: Finally found you.
Okita: Huh? Kondo-san and the chief.
Kondo: Are you also participating \Nin this tournament?
Okita: Huh? So are you?
Kondo: Of course.
Kondo: Don't you see my Sayaka-chan here?
Okita: How did it feel to serve \Na man you can't stand?
Sayaka: It was very painful.
Sayaka: I began to feel happy deep down.
Kondo: Sakata-kun.
GINTOKI: I'm not gonna trade girlfriends with you.
Kondo: Please!
Kondo: Can you at least give me Enari-kun?!
Enari: No.
Kondo: What happened to your catchphrase?!
GINTOKI: Sh-Shinpachi?!
GINTOKI: Can my puny fantasy defeat his massive one?!
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: Making It Through Love.
shinpachi: Though my face is kind of similar!
Kagura: We're the only ones who don't have cell phones!
shinpachi: Did you hear that?
GINTOKI: Enough of that!
GINTOKI: Our bamboo-copter is running on fumes\Nafter paying for you and Sadademon's food.
GINTOKI: I don't need a cell phone to know how everyone feels.
GINTOKI: And Mama read my mind and prepared a newspaper.
GINTOKI: So we don't need cell phones!
Kagura: That's just a daily practice!
GINTOKI: you can use the Anywhere Door to join a family anywhere else!
Kagura: Shut up!
Kagura: I'll use the Air Cannon to knock off that funny hair!
GINTOKI: See? You know what I'm thinking!
GINTOKI: I was getting sick of this round hair!
Both: Huh?
shinpachi: ...of Sadaemon's four-dimensional pocket.
shinpachi: Cell phones...
Gengai: The addresses were all changed to ne.jpuripuri.
Kagura: So? Can we use them now?
Gengai: You can't make calls.
Gengai: The phone will add a puripuri to the end of everything you say.
shinpachi: Isn't that more impressive than a working cell phone?!
Gengai: You only have enough money for me to fix the texting function.
Kagura: Yay!
GINTOKI: I don't want to carry around a cell phone that was covered in poop.
Kagura: Humans are always carrying around poop.
Kagura: The only difference is that it'll be in your hand instead of inside your body.
Kagura: Give me those.
Kagura: That should do it.
Kagura: Promise.
Kagura: Good morning. It's a beautiful morning.
GINTOKI: What? It's already morning...?
Kagura: Good night. Sweet dreams.
Kagura: Good morning. Your poop is very smooth today.
shinpachi: Huh?
Kagura: Good morning. Your poop is even smoother today.
GINTOKI: There it is! That's the cat!
GINTOKI: I'll circle around!
GINTOKI: You kids stay on its tail!
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
GINTOKI: Hey! Are you okay?!
Kagura: I'm okay.
Kagura: Could you pass me the Kleenex?
Kagura: Does this come in an M?
Kagura: That M is for Michael.
Kagura: Not that Michael. Michael Douglas.
Both: Talk to our faces!
GINTOKI: Why do you have to text every little stupid thing?!
shinpachi: And she's not even talking to us?!
shinpachi: She's talking to a clerk in some clothing store!
GINTOKI: Hey!
Both: Cut it out!
GINTOKI: Who cares if it's M or Michael?!
Otose: This is a surprise.
Otose: I wouldn't have expected her to be so enthusiastic about a cell phone.
GINTOKI: This is more than being enthusiastic!
GINTOKI: She sends us pointless updates every five minutes!
GINTOKI: I'm sick of it!
Cath: Girls love to chitchat through letters and the like.
Cath: When I was in school...
shinpachi: How long ago was this?!
shinpachi: And did everyone hate you?!
Tama: This may be the real Kagura-sama.
Tama: Are you replying to her?
GINTOKI: We can't do that.
GINTOKI: She's using text messages to talk to us now.
Tama: It's possible that she keeps sending\Ntexts because she's waiting for a reply.
Otose: Men always act cool and never say what needs to be said.
Otose: They expect other people to know how they feel.
Otose: Just send her a nice text.
Cath: Answer the phone!
shinpachi: Gi-Gin-san!
Otose: Well? What did it say?
Cath: I want to see!
Cath: Hmm? Where are you right now?
Tama: Wasn't she here just a moment ago? Why is she asking this?
shinpachi: Huh? Now there's a text from Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Shut up! I'm at a pachinko-
Otose: It's cut off.
Otose: Was he replying to Kagura-chan?
shinpachi: He accidentally hit reply to all.
shinpachi: And he wrote his message in the subject.
Otose: So he's actually replying to Kagura.
Cath: Your wallpaper is gross!
shinpachi: Shut up!
shinpachi: Rotten banana on the ground!
Cath: It's the same message again.
shinpachi: Huh? I just noticed...
shinpachi: This isn't from Kagura-chan...
shinpachi: Who sent this?
shinpachi: Tell me where you are at once.
shinpachi: It's from the owner of this phone!
Otose: They're threatening to kill you...
Otose: It must be someone dangerous.
Cath: What kind of information is in this phone?!
shinpachi: I don't know!
shinpachi: Gengai-san said that the phones were busted and there wasn't any data left!
shinpachi: It's from Gin-san!
shinpachi: Did they find him already?!
GINTOKI: Shut up! I'm at a pachinko
GINTOKI: parlor playing with balls!
shinpachi: He's picking up from where his message cut off!
shinpachi: What is he doing?!
shinpachi: He just gave away his location to everyone!
Tama: That means the owner will head straight to the parlor?
shinpachi: Of course not!
shinpachi: It must be from the owner!
Otose: Look at the message.
shinpachi: I don't want to!
Cath: Screw that! Aren't you a man?!
Otose: Who are you calling a man?!
shinpachi: Tama-san!
Otose: Wh-What does it say?
Kyu: You're playing with balls?
shinpachi: Somebody completely different joined the conversation!
Kyu: Are you going to have an operation?
Kyu: Can I have yours?
Kyu: We need to talk.
Kyu: Please reply.
shinpachi: What is she talking about?!
shinpachi: What does she want to do?!
Tama: There are more messages.
Saigo: Welcome. I'm glad to hear that.
Saigo: Tell Pako that he can become No. 1 at my place.
shinpachi: This has turned into a completely different\Nconversation in a completely different world.
Tojo: What a coincidence.
Tojo: I was also playing with balls.
shinpachi: And this guy is in his own little world!
shinpachi: Ah...
Katsura: It appears that you're having trouble...
shinpachi: Katsura-san!
shinpachi: Is he going to help us?!
Katsura: Join the Joi patriots and find happiness.
Katsura: We have a testimonial from Mrs. E who was able to find her happiness.
E: I didn't think it would be so easy to become a Joi patriot.
Katsura: The Joi will help find your joy.
shinpachi: It's just spam!
shinpachi: And they're getting worse!
shinpachi: Damn! This will never end!
shinpachi: Damn! Damn!
shinpachi: Why aren't they replying?!
shinpachi: What are they doing?!
Kagura: I'm about to meet my new text pal.
Kagura: I can't wait.
Kagura: I'll introduce you some time.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Kagura: I'm meeting with my text pal offline.
Kagura: He's a very nice person!
Kagura: Death Cancer-san is also eager to meet you guys.
shinpachi: I guarantee it!
shinpachi: There's nothing peaceful about his peace sign!
shinpachi: His name is Death Cancer!
shinpachi: He got to her first!
shinpachi: This isn't an offline meeting!\NKagura-chan's been taken hostage!
Cancer: Your buddy is in my hands.
Cancer: Bring the cell phones to the family restaurant on 2nd within 10 minutes.
shinpachi: It's the owner!
Cancer: You have 10 minutes.
Cancer: No one has stood before my Death Cancer (claws of death)\Nfor 10 minutes and survived.
Cancer: I'm sure you know what will happen if you're late. (Murder.)
shinpachi: This is bad!
shinpachi: This guy is obviously one of those people!
shinpachi: He's using emoticons I've never seen before!
shinpachi: I've never seen anyone go (Murder) before!
shinpachi: That settles it.
shinpachi: This guy must be an assassin of some kind!
shinpachi: W-We've picked up some unbelievable cell phones!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
shinpachi: He must have realized the danger we're in after seeing that text!
GINTOKI: parlor playing with balls real good.
GINTOKI: Could you give me ten more minutes?
shinpachi: He still doesn't know how to use a cell phone!
shinpachi: And he's still playing pachinko?!
shinpachi: Doesn't he care about us?!
shinpachi: This is really bad!
shinpachi: He's mad! It says (Murder)!
GINTOKI: I'm doing so well it's like the pachinko
GINTOKI: goddess of balls has blessed me!
GINTOKI: My balls are on a high!
GINTOKI: I can't stop! Can't stop!
shinpachi: It's a miracle how his texts can sound so wrong!
shinpachi: Stop it! Stop antagonizing him!
Death: No one has stood before my Death Cancer (claws of death)\Nfor 10 minutes and survived.
Death: Are you somewhere I can reach within ten minutes? (Must.)
shinpachi: Hey! He wants to go to him now!
shinpachi: And now it's a (Must)!
GINTOKI: Can you come to me?
GINTOKI: The name of the place is Fever.
shinpachi: You shouldn't tell him that!
Kagura: We're meeting up
Kagura: somewhere different.
shinpachi: That's the wrong place!
shinpachi: He's got it wrong!
shinpachi: We sent Death Cancer to the wrong place!
Death: You lied to me.
shinpachi: He's really mad in this message!
Death: There are only 30 minute and 60 minute options.
Death: There isn't a 10 minute option. (Murder.)
shinpachi: That's why he's mad?!
shinpachi: He would rather take the 10 minute option?!
Death: No matter then.
shinpachi: So you're off to your fever?!
shinpachi: Why did he even come here?!
shinpachi: Doesn't he want his cell phones back?!
shinpachi: This is my chance to tell Kagura-chan to run away!
Kagura: Looks like we're still meeting
Kagura: up at the same time.
shinpachi: Ten minutes?! He didn't even last 10 seconds!
shinpachi: How fast is this guy?!
Death: No one has stood before my Death Cancer (claws of death)\Nfor 10 minutes and survived.
shinpachi: Your Death Cancer is the one that couldn't survive!
shinpachi: Stop posing!
GINTOKI: That's the wrong place.
GINTOKI: It's the place on the corner of 3rd where I'm always playing with balls.
shinpachi: You don't have to tell him this!
Kagura: You mean here?
shinpachi: Nobody told you to smash his balls into a corner!
shinpachi: Hey! Is Death Cancer-san okay!
Holy: I feel like I just woke up from a very long nightmare.
shinpachi: Who are you?!
shinpachi: He's become enlightened after his balls were smashed!
Holy: Forgive me... I just wanted my cell phones back.
Holy: each hold memories I can't forget...
Holy: much less talk to someone face-to-face.
Holy: It must have been a twist of fate\Nthat I ended up marrying such a talkative woman.
shinpachi: He's doing a flashback through a text message!
shinpachi: What's going on?!
shinpachi: And you were a a barber?!
shinpachi: I don't think that's why you lost customers.
Holy: That was when my wife gave me a cell phone.
Wife: but you should learn to joke in front of your wife.
Death: I-I'm too old to fool around with that text messaging nonsense.
Wife: Yet you're still wearing those claws of yours.
Death: The words which brought a rare smile to my wife's face
Death: ended up being my last words to her.
Holy: Those cell phones are filled with the words I was never able to say to her.
Holy: but they are still precious to me.
Death: I went to a cabaret club today!
Death: I went to a pink salon today!
Death: I think I'll go all the way to Yoshiwara today!
Both: Your messages are stupid!
GINTOKI: How could you send these dirty texts to heaven?!
Holy: You've got it wrong.
shinpachi: You're headed straight to hell!
Holy: Those cell phones are priceless.
Holy: Could you please return them?
GINTOKI: T-Texting is a pain in the ass anyway.
shinpachi: We're not cut out for this high-tech stuff.
Holy: R-Really?!
Holy: Thank you so much!
Kagura: No way.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan...
Kagura: I haven't received a text message yet.
Kagura: Unlike us.
Kagura: We're the ones who aren't able to say what we need to!
Kagura: Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Holy: I appreciate you coming to her third anniversary.
GINTOKI: We were brought together for a reason.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan still has that phone.
shinpachi: I'll make sure that she returns it.
Holy: It's okay.
Holy: She helped me realize something.
Holy: I wasn't doing it for my wife's sake.
Holy: I was trying to make myself feel better.
Holy: I'll stop sending text messages to myself.
Holy: I'm sure that my wife was hoping\NI would learn to speak with friends face-to-face.
Holy: and that will be that.
Holy: Take good care of them.
shinpachi: Huh?
Holy: Please use them.
Holy: I don't want you to end up that way.
Holy: Huh?
GINTOKI: These gizmos are too small to express our twisted feelings.
GINTOKI: We're meant to communicate outside the network.
GINTOKI: Your wife hasn't responded yet.
Holy: Wh-What are you saying?
Holy: She can't respond to me...
GINTOKI: That's the power of a text from Holy Cancer.
shinpachi: It's not that strange for a text message to make it up to heaven.
Holy: I see...
Holy: My last message reached her...
Wife: I should be thanking you.
Wife: Have fun with your friends.
Holy: When did she start using emotes?
Kagura: Did it reach heaven?
GINTOKI: Beats me.
GINTOKI: you probably got it through to heaven.
Holy: I suppose that they don't need these.
GINTOKI: It's creeping me out.
shinpachi: No kidding.
Kagura: It's nothing.
Toshi: Next time:
Toshi: you're surprised by how happy the people are.
Kondo: who was able to understand \Ntheir bizarre sense of taste.
Kondo: We should be respectful of their wishes.
shinpachi: The monk is kind of fooling around.
shinpachi: I hope he doesn't get hit by lightning.
GINTOKI: Over there! Look!
shinpachi: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: Look at that!
shinpachi: Could you pipe down?
shinpachi: Don't make a scene!
GINTOKI: Just look!
Kagura: This is embarrassing.
Kagura: Let's pretend we don't know him.
shinpachi: What is he doing?
Kondo: What are you talking about?
Toshi: Just look over there!
Okita: Aren't you a little old to be \Ngetting excited about a funeral?
Okita: Don't worry. We'll be holding \Na funeral for you very soon.
Toshi: Just look at that!
Toshi: Look!
GINTOKI: Can you see it?
Toshi: Wh-What is that?
Toshi: Are we the only ones who can \Nsee it? Is that what this is?
GINTOKI: It's probably no big \Ndeal. We should be okay.
Toshi: I-It's not okay.
Toshi: It is what I think it is.
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid!
GINTOKI: The owner is dead!
GINTOKI: This is his funeral!
GINTOKI: He had a real distinct presence!
GINTOKI: This is someone else!
Toshi: That's true.
Toshi: He certainly had a presence! \NA distinct presence!
Toshi: He wasn't transparent!
GINTOKI: Then it must be the owner.
GINTOKI: You know how he couldn't hide \Nwhat he was thinking sometimes?
GINTOKI: He was so transparent.
Toshi: He was.
Toshi: He could be transparent at times.
Toshi: Why would the dead owner be \Nsitting up there all transparent?
Toshi: Something's wrong...
Toshi: It's a ghost.
shinpachi: Hey! What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: I-I need to go to the restroom!
Toshi: My legs are numb from kneeling so long!
GINTOKI: Let me go! What are you doing?!
Toshi: Hey!
Toshi: The owner's looking at us!
Toshi: He's staring right at us!
GINTOKI: Don't look at him!
GINTOKI: Pretend we can't see him!
Toshi: Hey! He's coming for us!
Toshi: The owner's coming for \Nus! What do we do?!
GINTOKI: Play dead! Play dead!
Toshi: Play dead?! He's the one who's dead!
Toshi: He's actually dead!
Mom: What do you think you're doing?
Tatsu: What? The monk's gonna \Nbe at this forever!
Mom: Stupid! Put that way!
Mom: It's disrespectful!
Tatsu: I don't care!
Tatsu: He should be grateful I even \Ncame to this boring funeral!
Mom: Tatsukichi?!
Mom: I'm sorry. It appears that \Nmy son has gotten sick.
Mom: We'll have to excuse ourselves.
shinpachi: You're good now?
shinpachi: But you're both shaking.
shinpachi: It's not healthy to hold it in.
Toshi: H-He's monitoring us.
Toshi: The owner returned from hell to make sure \Nthat his funeral goes off without a hitch.
GINTOKI: This is bad.
GINTOKI: If anything goes wrong \Nwith this funeral...
Both: The owner will curse us to death!
Hiji: Just like that monk who was reading \Nweird sutras while falling asleep...
Hiji: Who knows what he'll do to us?!
GINTOKI: This isn't funny!
GINTOKI: I came here to say goodbye \Nto the nice owner!
GINTOKI: I'm not here to see \Nthat hard-boiled guy!
Toshi: Huh?!
Toshi: What do we do?
GINTOKI: Don't be absurd.
GINTOKI: I'm already about to piss my pants.
GINTOKI: I'm not about to try aroma \Ntherapy right next to him!
GINTOKI: I'll have other aromas coming out of my ass!
Toshi: Are you an idiot?! \NAren't you a grown-up?!
GINTOKI: All you're saying is \Nto do that and that!
GINTOKI: Your memory's just as hazy as mine!
GINTOKI: You go first then!
Toshi: Hell no! You go!
shinpachi: I'll go first then.
GINTOKI: Let's not be hasty!
shinpachi: Huh? Hasty?
GINTOKI: Can you do it?!
GINTOKI: Don't screw it up!
GINTOKI: Come back alive!
GINTOKI: Promise me!
shinpachi: Are you making fun of me?
shinpachi: Whatever.
shinpachi: Then you kneel down before the incense \Nand pay your respects to the portrait.
shinpachi: Hold the beads in your left hand and use \Nyour right hand to take a pinch of incense
shinpachi: and brush it against your forehead \Nbefore placing the incense in the burner.
shinpachi: Do this three times.
GINTOKI: Mission complete!
GINTOKI: I knew you could pull it off!
GINTOKI: We'll throw a party to celebrate.
GINTOKI: Put on your best clothes!
shinpachi: You're starting to piss me off.
shinpachi: What's this about? Are you \Ntrying to belittle me?
Toshi: but you look like a man now.
shinpachi: Why are you making such a \Nfuss about burning incense?!
shinpachi: Did you people really \Nthink I couldn't do it?!
Toshi: I think we're gonna survive this ordeal.
GINTOKI: Don't screw up!
Kagura: I got this!
Kagura: I remember everything perfectly!
Kagura: Make the monk bow.
GINTOKI: You're already completely off!
Kagura: Everyone with me!
Monk: Yo...
GINTOKI: That's not what it means!
GINTOKI: Monk!
Monk: Yo...
GINTOKI: Monk!
Kagura: Is that good enough?
GINTOKI: Were you even watching Shinpachi?!
GINTOKI: Who told you to turn the \Nmonk's head into a pulp?!
Kagura: My legs were numb from \Nkneeling so long...
GINTOKI: What do your legs have \Nto do with anything?!
GINTOKI: Your head is what's numb!
Toshi: We need to fix this funeral!
Toshi: Add another step to the flowchart!
Toshi: we resurrect the monk!
Toshi: Then we burn incense!
Okita: I'll go next then.
Toshi: Sogo! Are you sure about this?!
Toshi: Can you do this?!
Toshi: Can you manage it?!
Toshi: Can I trust you?!
Okita: It'll be just fine.
Okita: Bow to the relatives monkey hair.
Toshi: You already screwed up!
Toshi: Don't screw with the flowchart!
Toshi: We're getting nowhere!
Toshi: Forget it!
Toshi: Forget the incense! Just \Nresurrect the monk!
Toshi: What the hell?!
Toshi: Nobody told you to resurrect his hair!
Toshi: Nothing's changed!
Toshi: We just have a dead \Nbody with a wig on it!
Okita: No.
Okita: He looks happier now.
Toshi: Who gives a damn?!
GINTOKI: Hey! The owner's completely \Npissed off now!
GINTOKI: He's gone SSJ!
Toshi: Prioritize the rescue of the monk!
Toshi: Then we bow to the relatives and monk!
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: There's another dead body!
GINTOKI: It's one of the relatives!
Toshi: Why would he die from losing his wig?!
Toshi: How weak is he?!
Toshi: And why is everyone ignoring him?!
Toshi: Are they trying to pretend that they \Ndidn't notice he was wearing a wig?!
Toshi: Are they trying to be nice?!
Kondo: That settles it.
Kondo: We'll have to start by resurrecting \Nthe monk and relative.
Kondo: Then we bow and apologize \Nto the relatives and monk.
Kondo: Or else the owner's \Nfuneral will be a wreck.
Kondo: I'll take responsibility \Nand get everything fixed.
Toshi: Kondo-san!
Kondo: Just watch.
Kondo: I could burn incense in my sleep.
Kondo: Please kneel here and read the sutra.
Toshi: That's the bald relative!
Kondo: Then resurrect the relative!
Kondo: I apologize for the \Ntrouble we've caused.
Toshi: That's the relative's wig!
Kondo: And here is the fish drum.
Toshi: Stop torturing the monk!
GINTOKI: Enough already!
GINTOKI: You're making it worse!
Toshi: And why is the relative \Nacting like he's the monk?
Kondo: I'm guessing he's temporarily \Nlost his memories from the shock.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: The owner is so pissed!
GINTOKI: He's about to fire a Spirit Bomb!
GINTOKI: Screw this!
GINTOKI: You people are ruining everything!
Toshi: You're going to run away by \Nyourself?! I don't think so!
shinpachi: The funeral isn't over...
GINTOKI: Shi-Shinpachi?
Both: He took their souls!
GINTOKI: Their legs are numb \Nafter all the kneeling.
GINTOKI: That's just a game they play.
GINTOKI: I didn't expect him to take their souls.
GINTOKI: He took their spirits instead \Nof firing a Spirit Bomb.
Toshi: That wasn't clever.
Toshi: Are those really their souls?
GINTOKI: They must be!
GINTOKI: One of them is wearing glasses!
Toshi: Why is his soul wearing glasses?
GINTOKI: How do we do that?!
Toshi: so we'll have to stay until \Nthe end of the funeral.
Toshi: The funeral's almost over.
Toshi: We just have to behave \Nourselves in the corner.
Toshi: Make sure you don't piss off the owner.
Toshi: Don't move an inch.
GINTOKI: But it must have been my imagination!
GINTOKI: We'll help!
GINTOKI: Please let us help!
Toshi: Shit! Can I do this?!
Toshi: I dislocated my left shoulder!
GINTOKI: My bone is sticking out!
GINTOKI: It hurts like a mother!
GINTOKI: And are they even okay?!
GINTOKI: He was kneading their souls together?!
GINTOKI: Kneading them hard!
GINTOKI: Suck it up!
Toshi: Don't screw up! It's \Nover if we drop him!
Toshi: Focus all of my strength \Nin my right arm!
Toshi: Shit! Push him back \Nin! Stuff him back in!
GINTOKI: H-He won't fit because he's all stiff!
Toshi: He's making soba!
Toshi: He's making soba out of their souls!
GINTOKI: No time to waste!
GINTOKI: Let's carry the coffin outside!
GINTOKI: We can't move!
GINTOKI: I won't give in!
Gran: You should be careful \Nwhen turning corners.
Gran: Then I'll snap it for you!
Gran: {\an8}You can pass through now.
Gran: I'll snap it for you!
Gran: You can pass through now.
GINTOKI: Floor it! Go faster!
Toshi: Don't tell a cop to \Nbreak the speed limit!
GINTOKI: We caught up!
Toshi: Pull over! There's an old man \Nsticking out of your truck!
Toshi: It's no use. He can't hear me.
Toshi: I'm gonna arrest him \Nlater for breaking the law!
GINTOKI: Hey! The owner can't \Nhold on much longer!
GINTOKI: Get closer to the truck!
GINTOKI: I'll recover the body!
Gran: Sure thing.
GINTOKI: Just a little closer!
GINTOKI: Why?!
Toshi: What's going on?!
Toshi: What happened in there?!
GINTOKI: I don't want to touch that!
Gran: Um...
Gran: Which one?
GINTOKI: The hell is going on?!
GINTOKI: There are all these dicks \Nsticking out of the truck!
GINTOKI: How many dicks does the owner have?!
GINTOKI: How greedy was he?!
Toshi: No!
Toshi: Those are peniclams from Planet Seafood.
Toshi: but they're known to be delicious.
GINTOKI: Don't you mean dicklicious?!
GINTOKI: Why are they so similar?!
GINTOKI: In both name and appearance?!
Toshi: They must have fallen out of the box.
Toshi: This is bad...
Toshi: We can't tell which one \Nis the old man's dick!
GINTOKI: Gran can do it.
GINTOKI: You should be able to tell \Nwhich one is the real one.
Gran: But I...
GINTOKI: Believe in yourself!
GINTOKI: Believe in the dick of \Nthe owner you believe!
Toshi: What does that even mean?
GINTOKI: There's nothing to \Nsmile about right now!
GINTOKI: It's not too late!
GINTOKI: Let's make this a proper \Nfuneral for the owner!
GINTOKI: That's the only thing we can do \Nas the ones who were left behind!
Gran: I understand. I'll give it a try.
Gran: Don't let your eyes fool you.
Toshi: {\an8}I don't want to hear it!
Gran: There it is!
GINTOKI: Why did you snap it off?!
GINTOKI: Calm down!
Toshi: Stupid!
Toshi: There he is! It's the owner!
Toshi: Hang on! I'll get closer!
GINTOKI: Mine is about to snap off!
GINTOKI: So is the owner's!
GINTOKI: I was wondering what the \Nowner was trying to pull.
GINTOKI: So he was cooking for us...
Toshi: Nobody was going to cry at your funeral.
Toshi: Tears are meant...
GINTOKI: ...for when you're eating good food.
GINTOKI: It's damn good...
Katsura: E-Elizabeth ran away from home?!
Katsura: Impossible!
Katsura: That's impossible!
Katsura: What has Elizabeth been hiding from me?!
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: The people you tend to forget tend \Nto show up after you forget them.
GINTOKI: What day is today?
Kagura: October 31st.
shinpachi: but why is it tomorrow's date?
Kagura: The sign must be from the future!
shinpachi: That can't be it.
GINTOKI: Go the other direction.
GINTOKI: Maybe that's a year old?
shinpachi: Huh?
Katsura: Wh-What do you mean?!
Katsura: E-Elizabeth ran away from home a year ago?!
Katsura: And I went about my life without a clue?!
GINTOKI: You're the one who can't remember.
Katsura: Don't be ridiculous!
Katsura: but how could I have \Nforgotten about Elizabeth?!
Katsura: That's absurd!
shinpachi: Have they ever not been?
Katsura: We must locate Elizabeth at once.
Katsura: But my memory is hazy.
Katsura: I won't be able to remember \Nanything in the past.
Katsura: That is why...
Katsura: Does this look familiar?
shinpachi: That was Elizabeth's line from \Nthe popularity contest arc.
Katsura: We can use these to determine why he ran
Katsura: This is the only lead we have.
Katsura: Don't worry.
Katsura: Elizabeth was a samurai at heart.
Katsura: He only spoke when necessary.
Katsura: It's very simple.
Katsura: This is...
shinpachi: How the hell were we supposed to know that?!
Katsura: But now I hear nothing...
shinpachi: How is he a samurai at heart?!
Katsura: Elizabeth...
shinpachi: We're supposed to go through \Nall of these stupid signs?!
GINTOKI: Is there anything that looks suspicious?
GINTOKI: He suddenly said thank you.
shinpachi: And look at the next one.
shinpachi: This was when he decided to leave.
shinpachi: What lead to these signs?
shinpachi: AC again?!
Katsura: Elizabeth...
shinpachi: How much TV do you watch?!
shinpachi: Aren't the Joi supposed to \Nbe taking back the country?!
GINTOKI: These are the only decent ones.
GINTOKI: Was your hair done at the same \Nplace where Tokiko Gato goes?
GINTOKI: How do you write out Renho?
shinpachi: They're all about Renho!
shinpachi: And when did he use these signs?!
shinpachi: Doesn't this mean he was talking to Renho?!
Katsura: Was your hair done at the same place?
Katsura: I'm close to remembering something.
Katsura: I believe this line was when...
shinpachi: Don't start a flashback \Nfrom those stupid lines!
shinpachi: Hey! I said to stop!
shinpachi: You're watching TV again?!
shinpachi: Just end this!
shinpachi: Say something funny about \NRenho's hair and end this!
shinpachi: Don't bother setting up the joke!
shinpachi: Look at Renho's hair!
shinpachi: She must go to the same \Nplace Tokiko Gato goes!
Katsura: Is Ishihara the one who can provide \Nhope in these times of trouble?
Katsura: Or is it Renho?
Katsura: Which one is the answer?
shinpachi: Another OC commercial?!
shinpachi: Wait! You're not going to say anything?!
shinpachi: You're not going to comment on Renho's hair?!
Katsura: Idle chatter did little to stave \Noff the biting cold and hunger.
shinpachi: Stop wasting time on this \Npointless flashback!
Katsura: I couldn't die here before starting \Na revolution in this country.
Renho: Make Renho your first choice.
Renho: Make Renho your second choice.
Renho: Renho is more than number one.
shinpachi: Hey! It's the real Renho!
Renho: Renho is the only one.
shinpachi: Look at that hair!
shinpachi: Her collars are turned way up!
shinpachi: You can use all of your signs now!
Katsura: Are you okay?
Katsura: I can carry that for you.
GINTOKI: Forget about the old lady!
GINTOKI: Look at that hair behind you! Say something!
Fumi: Thank you.
Fumi: There are still kind souls left in Edo.
GINTOKI: But it would be even better if \Nhe ended this stupid flashback!
Katsura: That was when we met Grandma Fumiko.
Katsura: Grandma Fumiko would tell picture stories to
GINTOKI: You've completely lost your chance!
GINTOKI: You're never going to get a better shot!
Katsura: Yet Grandma Fumiko would climb the stairs
Katsura: Maybe that was why Elizabeth began \Nvisiting the park every day.
GINTOKI: Damn! This is turning into one \Nof those heartwarming stories!
GINTOKI: Renho's never coming back!
Katsura: When it was raining...
Katsura: When it was windy...
Katsura: When it was Renho...
shinpachi: There's Renho!
Katsura: Elizabeth went to the park with Grandma Fumiko
shinpachi: It's a miracle!
shinpachi: Renho is back with her funky hair!
shinpachi: Renho's eating something!
shinpachi: Gin-san! It's fried chicken!
shinpachi: Renho's eating fried chicken!
GINTOKI: Say something!
GINTOKI: Funky chick eating fried chicken!
Fumi: You think it's strange?
Fumi: A storyteller spends all day watching \Nthe children instead of telling stories?
GINTOKI: It's no use!
GINTOKI: The fried chicken doesn't help!\N They aren't looking!
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: Renho is throwing fried chicken at them!
shinpachi: But they still haven't noticed her!
Fumi: I tell stories to make the children smile.
Fumi: So my job is to watch over them.
shinpachi: Renho's messing up her hair in front of them!
Fumi: You're such a strange one.
GINTOKI: Please! End this flashback!
Fumi: Let's begin then.
Fumi: The story of "Was your hair done at the \Nsame place where Tokiko Gato goes?"
Both: There?!
shinpachi: You can use it there?!
GINTOKI: Wait!
shinpachi: And what kind of picture story is this?!
shinpachi: No wonder the kids stayed away!
Katsura: I can't remember the details...
Katsura: I wasn't paying attention so I can't \Nremember anything after the title.
GINTOKI: Was it that scary?!
Kagura: But why does Elizabeth have a \Nsign from the granny's story?
Katsura: I have a feeling that this \Nline will help me remember.
GINTOKI: Just stop!
Katsura: I believe this line was when...
shinpachi: He started another flashback!
shinpachi: Please get to the point and make this short!
Fumi: My back can't take it.
GINTOKI: That was too short!
GINTOKI: How did that even happen?!
GINTOKI: What went down between them?!
Katsura: You wasted all that time \Non the first flashback!
Katsura: It isn't proper for us to probe \Ninto the affairs of other couples.
Katsura: All I can say is that Elizabeth isn't picky.
GINTOKI: This isn't a matter of being picky or not!
GINTOKI: And where were you watching this from?!
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: There's only one sign left!
Katsura: My head...
Katsura: I-I have a feeling
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that you're talking about \NElizabeth and the old lady getting down and dirty!
GINTOKI: The flashback started! It started!
Fumi: Snow... It's so cold...
Fumi: It's okay. Don't overdo it.
Fumi: You'll end up catching a cold.
Fumi: Besides...
Fumi: I have my own.
Fumi: I'm sure that you've seen \Nthrough my disguise.
Fumi: Or did you approach me \Nbecause you recognized me?
Fumi: So you could dispose of the traitor?
Fumi: I was surprised to see that you were still \Nusing those signs to lie to yourself.
Fumi: I discovered my true calling.
Fumi: I want to tell stories and protect \Nthe smiles of the people here.
Fumi: That is how I truly feel.
Fumi: Don't you feel the same way?
Fumi: So why are you still wearing that costume?
Fumi: Why are you still using signs to talk?
Fumi: Don't you realize what we're \Ndoing to this planet?!
Fumi: Please... Stop this...
Fumi: Y-You don't need to follow \Nsomeone else's script...
Fumi: Write your own story...
Katsura: E-Elizabeth!
Katsura: Wh-Why you?!
Katsura: What is the meaning of this?!
Fumi: I see that he's regained his memories.
Fumi: I just remembered everything myself.
Fumi: We aren't cute pets.
Fumi: We came to invade this planet.
Fumi: We were sent as spies to \Nscout the enemy's land.
Fumi: We are members of the legendary mercenary tribe
Fumi: Feared as the white devils...
Fumi: We are known as the...
Fumi: Renho.
shinpachi: I can't keep up with everything that's wrong!
shinpachi: What are you people talking about?!
shinpachi: Just look at what you're wearing!
shinpachi: Why is the show suddenly serious?!
shinpachi: Just look at what you're wearing!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to \Nfollow all these twists?!
Katsura: I remember everything now.
Katsura: The legendary mercenary tribe...
Katsura: That is Elizabeth's true identity.
Fumi: while secretly sending information about
shinpachi: I've never seen a pet act like that!
shinpachi: And he wasn't being secretive!
shinpachi: He drew attention everywhere he went!
Fumi: And your adorable pet was their leader.
Fumi: And now they've returned to the main fleet
Fumi: after erasing any potentially \Ninconvenient memories.
Fumi: You forgot about him because \Nhe erased your memories.
Katsura: Y-You're lying.
Katsura: The time Elizabeth and I \Nspent together was all a lie?
Katsura: It was all an illusion?
Katsura: I-I refuse to accept that...
Katsura: I absolutely refuse to accept it!
GINTOKI: Zura!
shinpachi: You picked the worst time to take a dump.
Fumi: I didn't want him to betray you.
Fumi: That's why I fought alone to \Ninterfere with their work.
Fumi: But I wasn't able to stop him.
FUmi: But it isn't too late.
Fumi: We can still stop him!
Fumi: Please help me protect Earth from the Renho!
Saka: They've earned that legendary \Nmercenary moniker.
Mutsu: Shouldn't you be a little concerned?
Saka: Don't worry about it.
Saka: Those guys are still on that planet.
Katsura: Battle!
Katsura: Onward to space!
GINTOKI: He might be able to make it to space.
GINTOKI: Good luck.
Katsura: A true samurai would never \Nignore a danger to Earth.
Katsura: If an idiot who didn't realize that his
Katsura: I give up on being a samurai.
Katsura: Bastards!
Katsura: You trust that Fujiko knock-off \Nmore than Elizabeth?!
Katsura: I will not accept that!
Katsura: Elizabeth would never invade Earth!
Katsura: That slutty woman could never \Nbe Elizabeth's former lover!
Fumi: Oh? What makes you think that I'm slutty?
Katsura: Why you...
Fumi: Please tell me.
Fumi: Well?
Fumi: In what way am I slutty?
Fumi: Why are you cooperating \Nwith this slutty woman?
Katsura: I'm not cooperating with you!
Katsura: And I am not fighting as a Joi \Npatriot defending his planet!
Katsura: I'm going to save my friend!
Katsura: but I choose to believe \Nin the drink we shared.
Katsura: That's how a friendship between men works.
Katsura: He must have his reasons.
Katsura: He must have been forced \Ninto his current situation.
Fumi: He's not as innocent as you think.
Fumi: But that's fine.
GINTOKI: Screw that.
GINTOKI: Why are we supposed to help you \Nwhen you're the ones invading us?
GINTOKI: Do you even know how to \Nwrite invasion in Japanese?
Kagura: The Yato can't do it.
Fumi: And I don't mean on a bed.
GINTOKI: Don't call me a boy!
GINTOKI: And stop acting like you're Fujiko Mine.
GINTOKI: You're like the tub and rubber duckie in one!
Fumi: There's an angel above you.
GINTOKI: Sh-She's fast!
GINTOKI: She's already working her slutty magic on me!
shinpachi: You were just as fast when \Nyou moved in for the upskirt!
Fumi: I prefer being on top.
Fumi: Want me to take you to heaven?
GINTOKI: That's too bad.
GINTOKI: I prefer to take the lead.
shinpachi: What do you think you're \Ndoing at the playground?!
Fumi: H-He's fast...
Fumi: He was able to instantly \Nawaken my masochistic side.
shinpachi: You were already a sick freak!
Fumi: I never thought I would meet \Nsuch a dirty man on Earth.
Fumi: I'm impressed!
GINTOKI: The pleasure's all mine.
GINTOKI: Welcome to our planet!
shinpachi: It's Planet Earth!
shinpachi: And why are you so impressed \Nwith each other?!
shinpachi: What kind of handshake is this?!
Katsura: Behold how quickly two individuals of \Ndifferent races were able to make peace.
Katsura: I'm sure that we can find a peaceful \Nsolution if we talk to Elizabeth's brethren.
shinpachi: They didn't talk about anything.
shinpachi: All they did was reveal their fetishes!
Fumi: Then you can use me as the map!
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: A woman's body has always been like space.
Kagura: Space? All I see is a forest.
shinpachi: Elizabeth-san!
shinpachi: Go ahead and destroy Earth!
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: They actually attacked us!
shinpachi: They're actually invading Earth!
Saka: Really now?
Saka: Let's land then!
Mutsu: What are you doing?
Mutsu: You want to destroy Edo \Nbefore they even get here?
shinpachi: Y-You're...
Saka: How many episodes has it been?
Saka: I love the air on Earth.
shinpachi: Sa-Sa-
shinpachi: Sakamoto-san?!
shinpachi: Mutsu-san?!
Katsura: Next time:
Katsura: Space Ururun Homestay
Hana: Do you see the chaos in the streets?
Hana: and they can only communicate \Nby holding up signs.
Hana: What is the meaning of this?!
Hana: What is happening to Edo?!
Katsura: H-Hey! What's going on?!
Kagura: So many Elis!
Mutsu: They've released the seeds.
Mutsu: Once their seeds...
Mutsu: Earth will fall into the hands of the Renho.
shinpachi: So Elizabeth and his brethren \Nare responsible for that rain?
Saka: The Kaientai have been all around space.
Saka: Of course we would know this stuff.
Saka: That's a deal.
Mutsu: Huh?
Mutsu: Who is he?
Saka: Don't worry.
Saka: We both spilled our guts.
Mutsu: Is this cargo supposed to include \Na bunch of funky-looking creatures?
Mutsu: And when did he tell you this?
Mutsu: He spent the whole time wheezing.
Saka: he pulled out this sign.
Mutsu: This is a picture of \NEarth that's crossed out.
Saka: He must have learned that Earth is in danger.
Saka: And he wants to protect \NEarth from that danger.
Mutsu: Really?
Mutsu: It looks like he's got \Nsomething else in mind to me.
Mutsu: Those watchdogs appear \Nto be attacking humans.
Saka: The pets and their owners \Nare having fun on a walk.
Saka: I was so touched!
Saka: I can't stop crying!
Mutsu: That's not called crying.
Saka: I never thought that an Amanto \Nwould care so much about Earth.
Saka: The Kaientai's objective was
Saka: to improve relations between Earthlings \Nand the Amanto through business.
Saka: Is there anyone else out \Nthere to take on this job?!
Saka: I now return to the mother planet!
Saka: To Smi-
Saka: To Earth!
Saka: The future of Earth is bright!
GINTOKI: How is it bright?!
GINTOKI: It's completely dark because of you!
shinpachi: How could you do this?!
shinpachi: You brought the invaders' \Nspies right to our planet!
shinpachi: You're going to destroy Earth because \Nyou wanted to visit a hostess club!
shinpachi: They were dropping hints everywhere!
shinpachi: You should have been able to \Nfigure out their objective!
shinpachi: Where are you stomping him?!
Saka: Most businessmen tend \Nto suspect other people.
Saka: But I do business by trusting people.
shinpachi: You were throwing up the entire time.
Mutsu: Since his job is to carry diseases \Nfrom space to Earth via his crotch.
Fumi: So this is that same ship.
Mutsu: by the seeds that were spread by \Nthe agents we carried to Earth.
Mutsu: they plan on launching a large invasion.
Mutsu: We must prevent this from happening.
GINTOKI: Don't blame us!
GINTOKI: This is all your fault!
Mutsu: There isn't any time to whine.
Mutsu: We're the only ones who can stop this.
Fumi: I see.
Saka: Kintoki...
GINTOKI: My name isn't Kintoki.
Saka: Zura...
Saka: It wasn't coincidence that \Nbrought you on this ship.
Saka: We're the only idiots who are stupid enough
Saka: to pick a fight with aliens.
shinpachi: Business?
Saka: That's right.
Saka: The Renho are known as the \Nlegendary mercenary tribe
Saka: partially because of how \Ndifficult they are to find.
Saka: It would be far too difficult to find \Ntheir mothership in this vast universe.
Saka: So I'll make them a deal they \Ncan't refuse and draw them in.
shinpachi: A deal they can't refuse?
shinpachi: What are you offering?
Saka: Those guys wouldn't be \Ninterested in any cheap deals.
Saka: I'm selling Earth!
shinpachi: Selling Earth?!
Saka: They're on their way to invade Earth.
Saka: They need all the men and \Nweapons they can get.
Saka: I'm offering the weaponry and \Nmanpower of the Kaientai.
Saka: They can certainly use the help.
Saka: This will help greatly.
Saka: My razor sharp right-hand-woman can \Ndrag negotiations out for a day.
Saka: Earth can only hold out for a day at best.
Saka: This will be the biggest deal \Nthe Kaientai has ever struck.
Saka: we'll take away their future!
Katsura: This is Elizabeth's mothership \Nand mother planet.
Katsura: It's like a fortress.
Katsura: There are so many Elizabeths...
GINTOKI: Stop that already!
GINTOKI: Listen up.
GINTOKI: I wouldn't call that a slip of the tongue!
GINTOKI: How can you get motion \Nsickness on such a big ship?!
GINTOKI: Stop riding these ships then!
Katsura: Sakamoto! You still get motion sickness?
Katsura: I told you to open a window and \Nlook far away when you get sick.
Katsura: And take deep breaths.
GINTOKI: That's not a window you just opened!
GINTOKI: You just destroyed the \Npurpose of that costume!
GINTOKI: Don't look far away!
GINTOKI: Don't look far away right now!
shinpachi: Gin-san! Gin-san!
shinpachi: Can we hurry up?
shinpachi: All of us are ready to go.
shinpachi: Hell no!
shinpachi: Why am I the only one who was \Npainted white with tighty-whities?!
shinpachi: Why am I the only one who \Ndoesn't get a disguise?!
GINTOKI: Huh? Are you Shinpachi?
GINTOKI: I didn't notice.
Saka: I didn't even notice you were here \Nbefore you opened your mouth.
shinpachi: Don't call me Toshio-kun!
shinpachi: And you don't want me to be Toshio-kun!
Fumi: That won't do.
GINTOKI: Where are you letting him in?!
Kagura: What? I don't wanna.
Kagura: I already finished customizing my Alzabeth.
shinpachi: Five sukonbu.
shinpachi: Is this any different from before?!
shinpachi: Shouldn't you cover my face and \Nmaybe leave my back exposed?!
shinpachi: Shinpachi is sticking out!
shinpachi: In plain sight!
Kagura: Shut up.
Kagura: It would be gross if you were on \Nthe bottom and your nose started
Kagura: Eh?! What did you say?!
shinpachi: Damn! I'm the only one sticking out!
shinpachi: You guys are just trying \Nto save your own asses!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: I think there's something \Nsticking out of them.
shinpachi: How much of a rush were they in?!
shinpachi: What are you doing in those costumes?!
shinpachi: And what the hell is sticking \Nout of your mouth?!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to explain this?!
shinpachi: What am I supposed to do?!
shinpachi: Ah! He noticed me!
shinpachi: What do we do? What should I do?!
shinpachi: A-A pimple?!
shinpachi: What kind of explanation is that?!
shinpachi: He's not gonna buy that!
shinpachi: Am I supposed to act like a pimple?!
shinpachi: Don't join in!
shinpachi: Yours is something completely different!
shinpachi: Don't start playing again!
shinpachi: Too bad none of you have any brains!
shinpachi: Stop playing Uno!
shinpachi: Why are there more sticking out?!
shinpachi: What kind of Uno is this?!
shinpachi: It's no use!
shinpachi: We've been found out!
shinpachi: We've so been found out!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: Don't tell me that he bought it.
shinpachi: He bought it!
shinpachi: And he's going to give us Clearasil!
shinpachi: Not what I was expecting!
shinpachi: Stop! Let me go!
shinpachi: Stop!
shinpachi: I'm not a pimple!
shinpachi: What am I?!
Fumi: It appears that we've survived \Nthe first challenge.
Fumi: We're in the heart of the enemy base.
Fumi: But it will only get more difficult.
Fumi: Look.
Fumi: Those two generals are known \Nas the Double Dragons.
Fumi: The Renho is made up of brigades \Nthat are led by captains.
Fumi: The entire army is led by the two generals.
Fumi: And all of Renho is led by the man
Fumi: He was the one who decided to invade Earth.
Fumi: who became the supreme commander through \Na combination of strength and wiles.
Fumi: He rules the Renho with an iron fist.
Fumi: That is why we aren't allowed \Nto reveal our bodies or speak.
shinpachi: Is that why you turned into a pervert?
Fumi: The Renho have been reduced to a tribe \Nof slaves for fulfilling his ambitions.
Fumi: If we can only find a way \Nto reach his throat...
Fumi: Don't take this banquet lightly.
Fumi: Dark Vader is watching very closely.
shinpachi: What?!
Fumi: Don't worry. Just do as I do.
shinpachi: I'm getting really nervous.
Kagura: Yay!
shinpachi: Please don't put natto on your \Ncurry like you usually do!
shinpachi: This curry comes with a \Nred Excitebike on top?!
shinpachi: What's going on?!
shinpachi: What is this?!
shinpachi: Are they trying to ridicule me?!
shinpachi: Was it wrong to order the sweet curry?!
shinpachi: The spicy curry is a black Bungeling Bay?!
shinpachi: What's wrong with this planet?!
shinpachi: Why do they eat Nintendo cartridges on rice?!
Fumi: Hurry. Eat your food before it gets cold.
shinpachi: This isn't edible!
shinpachi: It's a Nintendo cartridge!
shinpachi: It's only 8 bits!
shinpachi: You're only eating the rice?!
GINTOKI: You don't need to eat that crap.
shinpachi: G-Gin-san!
GINTOKI: This is what you feed your \Nsoldiers before the big battle?
Saka: They don't respect us!
Katsura: They expect us to conquer Earth when
shinpachi: That's not the issue here!
shinpachi: And one of you is completely off!
Fumi: Only captains are allowed to eat DQ and FF!
Fumi: So the captains also eat \NNintendo cartridges?!
Fumi: And only the generals are \Nallowed to eat Super Nintendo
Fumi: games such as DQ5 and other FF games!
shinpachi: Crap! The generals have snapped!
Fumi: Look out!
shinpachi: G-General?!
shinpachi: How?!
shinpachi: I thought there were only two generals...
Fumi: It can't be!
Fumi: He was promoted for his work on Earth...
Katsura: E-
Katsura: Elizabeth!
Mutsu: for there are unique warriors there \Nthat cannot be found anywhere else.
Mutsu: The samurai...
Mutsu: it is bound to collapse.
Mutsu: but it will matter little if you lose \Nthe seeds for regaining your lost glory.
Mutsu: You're the one who faces destruction.
Mutsu: You have no right to be a leader \Nwhen you call your comrades tools.
Mutsu: Don't underestimate the \Nplanet of the samurai.
shinpachi: Renho Army?
shinpachi: Don't you mean Renho Federation?!
Saka: Next time:
Saka: Piggy banks and trash cans.
Fumi: Before he...
Fumi: Before General Eren leads his strike \Nforce of Gunsams to attack Earth.
Fumi: I never imagined that he would become \Na general in such a short time.
shinpachi: And I never imagined that we would \Nbecome Elizabeth's subordinates.
Kagura: Maybe Eli recognized us?
Fumi: He couldn't even recognize his own girlfriend
Fumi: when I changed to a different color ribbon.
shinpachi: This is harder than trying to find Waldo!
Kagura: I see.
shinpachi: He'll recognize me!
shinpachi: He should recognize me when \NI'm sticking out of your head!
Fumi: I'll try to find a way \Nto destroy the Gunsams.
Fumi: You do what you can to \Ndisable the three stooges
Fumi: and other pilots who are \Npart of the strike force.
shinpachi: Okay...
GINTOKI: Loyal soldiers of the Renho Army!
GINTOKI: The clouds surrounding Earth \Nare a symbol of our justice.
GINTOKI: The Earth's military is but \Na shell of its former self.
Katsura: Earthlings treasure their three M's above all.
Katsura: We start by hitting them in their manhood
Katsura: and immobilizing them.
Katsura: Then we take their mothers hostage
Katsura: and seize their money!
Katsura: We can render them helpless!
Saka: Remember to ditch your signs and provide \Nyour comrades with vocal support.
Saka: And you're only allowed to \Nbring 300 yen worth of snacks.
Saka: Don't forget your Gelgoog bag for \Nwhen you get mobile suit sickness...
shinpachi: Why are you people teaching \Nthem how to defeat Earthlings?!
shinpachi: Why are you even here?!
shinpachi: You're clearly helping the wrong side!
GINTOKI: You hit me!
GINTOKI: Bright-san never hit me!
shinpachi: Most people haven't been hit by Bright!
Saka: Sorry.
Saka: I fell into my old habits after getting all \Nfired up about about the upcoming battle.
shinpachi: What the hell were the wars like \Nback when you were fighting?!
shinpachi: That last part was more or less \Ninstructions for a picnic!
shinpachi: Why is this turning into a lecture?!
shinpachi: Who's the teacher?!
Katsura: That concludes today's court-martial.
Katsura: Everyone go outside for some Uno!
shinpachi: Why would you play Uno outside?!
shinpachi: Do you really want to play Uno?!
GINTOKI: I'll move three times faster than usual.
Saka: It's the job of a general to play some Uno
Saka: and help put the men in that zone \Nbetween composure and passion.
shinpachi: You people are between dumb and dumber!
shinpachi: What is this?!
shinpachi: Why are you playing Uno with the invaders?!
GINTOKI: {\an8}I can see! I can see the enemy's hand!
shinpachi: Why are you bonding with them?!
Kagura: They're winning over the enemy.
shinpachi: Eli-
shinpachi: General Eren!
Katsura: So everyone here loves Earth.
shinpachi: Katsura-san...
Katsura: No!
Katsura: C-Can you let me redo that...
Katsura: Do you regret it?
Katsura: Then why...?
Katsura: Everyone here found something \Nimportant to them on Earth.
Katsura: Everyone here has grown to care for Earth.
Katsura: I-I am the same way.
Katsura: So why are we invading Earth?
Katsura: Nobody would have to \Nworry about a purge then.
Katsura: Is that what you're saying?
Katsura: Elizabeth...
Kagura: W-We've been given the order to attack.
shinpachi: Already?!
shinpachi: What happened to Mutsu-san's negotiations?!
Mutsu: I bought you plenty of time.
Saka: so I tore my Draw 4 in half.
Mutsu: The hell are you doing?!
Mutsu: I'm out here risking my life to buy you time!
Mutsu: What are we going to do?!
Mutsu: The Kaientai have been locked up!
Mutsu: We can't do anything!
Katsura: You don't need to worry.
Katsura: We're ready to go.
shinpachi: Katsura-san.
Katsura: Relax...
Katsura: Elizabeth is still Elizabeth.
Katsura: The Elizabeth I believe in.
Katsura: but we still believe in the same things.
Katsura: Not when my friend says \Nthat he believes in me.
Katsura: I'll stop the Renho.
Katsura: Even if it means cutting down Elizabeth.
GINTOKI: Zura...
Katsura: I'm going to stop Elizabeth's strike force.
Kagura: You're going to fight Eli?!
GINTOKI: we'll take out the big boss.
Kagura: Gin-chan! Moldie!
Saka: Doesn't matter how big the serpent \Nis. Cut off its head and it'll stop.
GINTOKI: What are you babbling about?
GINTOKI: Your brain was already choked to death.
Katsura: Don't look back.
GINTOKI: I won't.
Katsura: You got my back.
Kagura: I guess we don't need to worry \Nabout the three stooges.
shinpachi: And how is Katsura-san going \Nto stop the strike force?
shinpachi: Is he going to use that thing?
shinpachi: Can he even pilot it?
Fumi: Alzabeth!
shinpachi: Fumiko-san!
Fumi: What's going on?
Fumi: Why did the attack start so soon?
shinpachi: Well...
Fumi: I don't believe it!
Fumi: Just a little longer and I could \Nhave disabled all of the Gunsams!
shinpachi: Huh? You were able to do \Nsomething in such a short time?
Fumi: I managed to sabotage the Gunsams.
shinpachi: What did you do?!
Katsura: A-Amazing...
Katsura: No wonder Vader is so taken by these.
Fumi: What did I do?
Fumi: I placed bombs in them.
shinpachi: Ka-Katsura...
Katsura: ...blew up!
Fumi: But it's strange...
Fumi: It was only supposed to blow off a leg...
Kagura: Hm?
shinpachi: Wh-What is that?!
Saka: Can't really say.
Saka: I was always more of a peace \Nlover compared to you boys.
GINTOKI: I see.
GINTOKI: So your mind and sword are both rusty.
Saka: No.
Saka: The samurai...
GINTOKI: ...have invaded your planet.
Saka: You people didn't do enough research.
Saka: The samurai weren't wiped off Earth.
GINTOKI: Have you forgotten the names of \Nthe Amanto's most dreaded enemies?
Saka: ...our country...
GINTOKI: ...our friends...
Saka: ...our souls safe from the aliens.
GINTOKI: Sakata Gintoki.
Both: We'll take you on!
GINTOKI: This is a one night ceremony!
Saka: Time to go wild!
Saka: It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Saka: I believe that you're one of the Double \NDragons who lead this jolly group.
Saka: Are you on the right or left?
Saka: You have to deal with the random gusts \Nin right field at Koshien Stadium.
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
Saka: Don't mind me. Carry on with your fun.
Saka: I have my own way of going wild.
GINTOKI: Your own way of going wild?
GINTOKI: I'm the only one fighting here!
Saka: I was only pretending to \Nwant to protect Earth.
Saka: Truth is that I came all \Nthe way here to do business.
Saka: So I feel no attachment to Earth.
Saka: She always snaps when a \Ndeal doesn't go her way.
Saka: You want a weapon that will be more useful
Saka: than those white devils \Nfor the invasion of Earth.
Saka: Isn't that right?
Saka: I have the perfect thing!
Saka: Yes!
Saka: The White Yaksha.
Saka: I've colored him completely \Nwhite to satisfy your needs.
GINTOKI: What the hell are you talking about?!
Saka: It's an amazing deal!
Saka: I would never joke about selling my friends.
Saka: Why not have the White Yaksha \Nand White Devil fight it out?
Saka: That man doesn't give a damn about Earth.
Saka: He's a demon who's capable of
Saka: Sure thing.
Saka: we'll give you Earth in a split second.
Saka: Planets are just a place \Nfor people to stand on.
Saka: A planet is just a rock.
Saka: Takes people to make it a world.
Saka: You can have all the piggy banks you want.
Saka: I'm only interested in what's inside.
Saka: Just a bunch of old scarred steel.
Saka: But I consider that steel the greatest \Ntreasure there could ever be.
shinpachi: Th-That's...
shinpachi: E-Earth is...
Hana: Are you watching this?
Hana: The people who lost their \Nvoices are recovering!
Hana: It's wonderful! So wonderful!
Hana: Wonderful for me!
Hana: Wonderful for you!
Hana: Wonderful for everyone!
shinpachi: Th-The clouds...
shinpachi: The clouds that were covering \NEarth have dissipated...
Katsura: That's...
Eli: I fooled no one.
Eli: The words written on that planet aren't
Eli: They're Elizabeth's first \Nand last words of truth!
Katsura: Elizabeth!
Eli: Dark Vader finally reveals his \Ntrue power and attacks the Gunsam.
Eli: The battles that ensue inspires terror
Eli: that Katsura and Eren have \Nnever experienced before!
Eli: Next time: Empty planet.
Eli: Empty Planet
Eli: Will you survive?
Dark: You thought it would be so \Neasy to change the world?
Dark: Nothing has changed.
Dark: as will the fate of the Renho.
Dark: but are you prepared to give \Nyour life to take mine?
Eli: You've only taken out my main camera!
Vader: Don't make me laugh!
Vader: You have deceived and \Nbetrayed your loved ones for
Vader: You turned your back on Earth and the Renho.
Vader: You are alone in this giant universe.
Vader: You have no allies.
Vader: No one is watching you. Nothing will change.
Vader: You will simply die alone.
Vader: Eren!
Vader: Curse you...
Eli: I've been lying to myself \Nand betraying my friends.
Eli: I no longer know who I am.
Eli: But that is fine.
Eli: that's good enough.
Vader: Then die!
Vader: Die with no friends in \Nthe dark void of space!
Katsura: He has a friend right here!
Katsura: It doesn't matter if you're in a dark place
Katsura: I told you that I've got your back!
Eli: -tsura-san...
Eli: Are you a Newtype?
Eli: Why?
Eli: I told you not to look!
Eli: You weren't supposed to remember!
Eli: Why am I...
Eli: ...crying?
Katsura: It must be like when a parent starts crying
Katsura: when he sees his child fall \Ndown because it must hurt.
Eli: This is a really stupid Newtype conversation!
Katsura: Elizabeth!
Eli: Katsura-san!
Vader: The rat took the bait.
Vader: I've been waiting for this moment!
Katsura: He repaired himself?!
Katsura: I-Is he a cyborg?!
Vader: Fire!
Vader: Reduce them all to space dust!
Mutsu: Hurry!
Kagura: There's no hope!
Kagura: It's too late!
Katsura: Elizabeth!
Vader: Y-You bastards...
Vader: What is...
Vader: ...the meaning of this?
Katsura: I-Impossible...
Katsura: The enemy fleet fired on Dark Vader?
Saka: We've formed the Renth Alliance!
Katsura: Sakamoto!
Vader: C-Curse you!
Saka: Consider it done.
Saka: Clause two.
shinpachi: What kind of alliance is this?!
All: Yeah!
shinpachi: What's wrong with this planet?!
shinpachi: They betrayed their leader for ActRaiser!
Mutsu: Force and ideas won't make people change.
Mutsu: His business deals are always stupid.
Fumi: but I guess
Katsura: Don't say a word.
Katsura: You and I were just doing what was right.
Katsura: We chose to do the honorable thing.
Katsura: There's no need for apologizes or farewells.
Katsura: The only words we need are...
Katsura: OC!
Katsura: and all our friends in the universe!
Katsura: Fire!
Vader: C-Curse you all!
Vader: You intend to destroy your own planet \Nfor the sake of your friends?
Vader: How will your tribe survive
Vader: when you are trapped in the void \Nwith no place to call home?
Vader: You need this star... You need me!
GINTOKI: You can have this empty shell.
GINTOKI: It'll be your coffin.
GINTOKI: Nobody will mourn you!
GINTOKI: Nobody will remember you!
GINTOKI: You're going to die an empty death
GINTOKI: on your empty planet!
Katsura: What? What do you mean?
Vader: As I said...
Vader: What?!
Vader: Dark Vader was just like the rest of you.
Vader: Nothing more than my puppet.
Vader: And he wasn't the only one.
Vader: Every leader on this planet
Vader: Have you not realized yet?
Vader: You have made an enemy
Vader: of the planet itself!
Katsura: I-Impossible! The planet
Katsura: transformed into a giant Renho!
Eli: That is the true identity of Vader...
Katsura: Huh?
Eli: That was when we created Sagi.
Eli: and developed a road map for our survival.
Eli: But Sagi went berserk and \Nbegan to create leaders
Eli: as tools for implementing the \Nmost effective survival strategy.
Eli: The people were forced to \Nbecome silent soldiers.
Eli: He considered us to be nothing \Nmore than empty tools.
Eli: He believes that he can ensure \Nthe survival of our tribe
Eli: Sagi must resort to using another tool.
Vader: I no longer need you worthless defects!
Vader: I will simply conquer Earth myself!
Vader: The technology of the Gunsams has
Vader: the White Lucifer!
Vader: Once my loyal troops have \Neliminated you defects and
Vader: the Renho will have eternal glory!
Saka: White Lucifer vs. White Wavy Hair.
Saka: This should be a grand show!
GINTOKI: Don't call me White Wavy Hair!
GINTOKI: How are we supposed to \Nfight that Renho monster?
GINTOKI: Why don't you head out there?
Saka: I'm gonna skip the fight \Nand go visit Club Smile.
GINTOKI: There isn't much point in leaving \Nbehind your worthless genes.
GINTOKI: And there isn't enough time left.
Saka: It'll be okay.
Mutsu: Men always lose their balls when \Ntheir back is against the wall.
GINTOKI: You telling me that I've lost my balls?!
GINTOKI: You ever seen me use my balls?!
GINTOKI: Want my balls in your face?!
Mutsu: What are you talking about?
Saka: I'm riding a blond babe!
Saka: Don't make fun of me!
Mutsu: Good.
Mutsu: and we're back on the ship.
Mutsu: We can join up.
Mutsu: I have one final plan.
Mutsu: This is the only way to \Nprotect Earth and the Renho!
Saka: What? Join up and make babies?
Saka: I'm not going to fuse with you!
Mutsu: You almost had it.
Saka: Huh? What is this?
GINTOKI: Huh? What is this?!
GINTOKI: That ship's also transforming?!
Saka: What is this?!
Saka: Nobody told me this would happen!
Mutsu: You almost had it.
Mutsu: We aren't fusing to make babies.
Mutsu: We're fusing to make a robot.
Katsura: Th-That's...
Katsura: Impossible...
Katsura: That's...
All: What is that giant robot?!
Mutsu: The Galactic Merchant Fleet Robot!
Mutsu: Kaien!
shinpachi: What is this Galactic Merchant Fleet?!
shinpachi: Why are merchant ships \Nfusing into a giant robot?!
shinpachi: What kind of merchants are you?!
Mutsu: There's nothing standard about \Ndoing business in space.
Mutsu: since I was expecting to have to deal \Nwith giant aliens at some point.
shinpachi: Standard?! This has nothing \Nto do with what's standard!
shinpachi: This is turning into a \Ncompletely different show!
Saka: Mutsu!
Saka: What have you done to my \Npoor little Kairinmaru?!
Saka: You're not supposed to do anything to the \Nship without the captain's permission!
Saka: It's shaking so hard that...
Mutsu: A captain would actually be on his ship
Mutsu: instead of visiting hostess \Nclubs around the universe.
Mutsu: You're more like a producer.
Mutsu: Then I'll leave the bridge to you.
shinpachi: They're calling her Captain now!
Mutsu: Let's get going then!
shinpachi: Huh? Huh?
shinpachi: Wh-What?!
shinpachi: Wh-Where are we?
Mutsu: Is everyone in their cockpits?
Mutsu: Listen carefully.
Mutsu: Kaien is so big that it's been \Ndivided into six sectors.
Mutsu: I need you to pilot these six sectors.
Mutsu: Kagura and I will handle \Nthe right and left legs.
Mutsu: The two fuzzheads get \Nthe right and left arms.
GINTOKI: Hey! You girls know how to \Ncontrol a man's lower body?!
GINTOKI: This ain't the Nurarihyon you're used to!
Mutsu: Don't worry.
Mutsu: I assigned the dirty woman to the crotch.
shinpachi: Why does this robot need \Na pilot in the crotch?!
Mutsu: This is our last chance!
Mutsu: and return to Earth with smiles on our faces!
shinpachi: but I'm the only one who \Nhasn't been assigned a spot.
Mutsu: A pimple.
shinpachi: Again?!
shinpachi: Hold on!
shinpachi: Why does a robot have a pimple?!
shinpachi: Why would a pimple need a pilot?!
Mutsu: Kaien responds to the \Nmovements of the pilots.
Mutsu: You should act like a pimple and stay still.
shinpachi: Is there any point to that?!
Saka: Yeah! This is my last big deal!
Mutsu: We're going to create our own future!
Kagura: Everyone ready?
All: Kaien!
shinpachi: Kaien! That was too fast!
Katsura: but I will never...
Katsura: Next time:
Katsura: Don't Say Goodbye Lionel Will You Survive
Katsura: Don't say goodbye Lionel Will you survive?
shinpachi: Kagura-chan! Mutsu-san!
Mutsu: I guess this is it.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan! Mutsu-san!
Vader: It's too late to resist now!
Kaien: Galactic Merchant Lesson 2!
Kaien: the customer won't make it easy for you.
Kaien: never give up!
Kaien: Never cry!
Kaien: Never close off your heart!
shinpachi: Sakamoto-san!
Kaien: You will find your answer when \Nyour back is against the wall
Kaien: in the form of a single ray of light
Kaien: shooting from the bloody whirlwind!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
Vader: How annoying.
Vader: You sacrificed yourself to disable my arms?
Vader: Your luck has run out.
Kaien: Galactic Merchant Lesson 3!
Vader: I-Impossible! The pimple...!
Kaien: ...open up yourself!
shinpachi: No signs.
shinpachi: No script.
shinpachi: Use your own words to express yourself!
Katsura: I join my friends...
Katsura: For tomorrow!
Vader: C-Curse you all!
Fumi: Everyone's spilling their guts.
Vader: H-How can this be?
Vader: Was it during that first attack?
Fumi: This was the only way I could \Nprotect everyone from your attack.
Vader: You intend to die here with me?!
Fumi: I have no regrets.
Fumi: A planet which has welcomed \Nus with many smiles.
Vader: Curse you!
Fumi: It's your turn now!
Fumi: Show me your naughty parts.
Vader: St-Stop this!
Fumi: Everyone watch me!
Fumi: This is the last time I expose myself!
Fumi: Peek inside!
shinpachi: Th-The planet's core...
Kagura: Cool Lady Fumiko!
Fumi: Eren... Everyone...
Fumi: I was finally able to write the \Nstory I've always wanted to write.
Fumi: I can write a story about how we become
Fumi: And I have everyone helping me.
Katsura: Don't look.
Katsura: I found this in the room.
Katsura: What is it that I'm not supposed to look for?
Katsura: Or does it count as looking when \NI'm looking for whatever it is
Katsura: that I'm not supposed to be looking for?
Katsura: before deciding if I should \Nlook or if I should not look.
Katsura: So I'm looking for someone who's \Nwilling to look for the answer.
Katsura: then I can't look for the \Nsomeone to look for the someone
Katsura: to look for the someone to look for the...
GINTOKI: You're making this too hard.
shinpachi: It's like you're lost in a \Nmaze of what not to look for.
Katsura: Don't look...
GINTOKI: I won't.
GINTOKI: It's pretty obvious what this is.
GINTOKI: He ran away from home.
Katsura: R-Ran away from home?!
Katsura: Impossible! Unfathomable!
Katsura: He had no reason to be unhappy!
Katsura: The last time I saw him...
Katsura: Th-The last...
Katsura: Who was he?
GINTOKI: Beats me.
GINTOKI: That guy always has to make a fuss.
shinpachi: But what was that all about?
GINTOKI: Probably some kind of prank.
shinpachi: but it feels like something is missing.
Kagura: Huh?
shinpachi: Are you okay?
shinpachi: And why are we so injured?
Kagura: Your heads have been injured \Nsince the first episode.
Right: So we believe that you should also live free.
Right: Discard that white costume.
Right: Live with your friends without \Nhaving to lie to yourself.
Left: You don't need to worry about us.
Right: You're giving up your own freedom
Saka: Really? I must have been helping you then.
GINTOKI: That makes even less sense.
Saka: I feel like a war just ended.
Saka: And we were able to take \Nback something important...
GINTOKI: And was your ship always this lame-looking?
Saka: Ah!
Saka: Mutsu! Y-You modified the ship \Nwithout my permission again?!
Eli: Katsura-san...
Eli: I'm sorry.
Eli: This is why I didn't want you to look for me.
Eli: This is why I didn't want you to remember me.
Eli: Because my mind was already made up.
Eli: Because I won't be returning to Earth.
Eli: Because my resolve wavers \Nevery time I see your face.
Eli: But you followed me all the way out here!
Eli: You came out into space to save me!
Eli: I'm sure that all of you would follow \Nme anywhere to save a friend.
Eli: That's why I have no choice.
Eli: I have to erase every memory you have of me.
Eli: The only solution is to make \Nyou forget I ever existed.
Eli: Because you have friends on \NEarth who still need you.
Eli: Because I have friends \Nhere who still need me.
Eli: Katsura-san...
Eli: Good bye...
Katsura: Wait.
Katsura: How about we play one last game of Uno?
Katsura: I will never forget you.
Katsura: Even after we're back on Earth.
Katsura: Give me your best shot.
Eli: Did Katsura-san already \Nknow I would never return?
Eli: You didn't come here to \Ntake me back to Earth?
Eli: Then why...?
Katsura: I was finally able to beat \Nyou in a straight-up match.
Katsura: But you're strong enough now.
Katsura: You'll be able to survive \Nout there by yourself.
Katsura: Take care.
Katsura: Don't worry about me.
Katsura: I have these guys.
Eli: This wasn't a straight-up match.
Eli: It's not fair.
Eli: I can barely see anything before me.
Katsura: I'm the same.
Katsura: I will continue to walk \Nthe path I believe in.
Katsura: but our paths will always cross.
Katsura: Never forget.
Katsura: Don't say goodbye Lionel.
Katsura: Until we meet again bunny.
Katsura: My friend.
Katsura: But it's okay.
Katsura: I'll be the only one who has to suffer.
GINTOKI: Who are you playing Uno with?
Katsura: I-I'm playing by myself.
Katsura: I need to keep in shape.
GINTOKI: Here. Give me that.
Katsura: What are you doing?
GINTOKI: I'm dealing the cards again.
Katsura: That's not what I meant.
Katsura: There's an extra hand.
GINTOKI: What are you babbling about?
GINTOKI: There's another person over there.
GINTOKI: Hurry up.
Fumi: an evil alien came to Earth \Nto take its treasure.
Fumi: But the alien became friends \Nwith the Earthlings
Fumi: and he chose to fight on \Ntheir side and protect Earth.
Fumi: so the alien decided to leave Earth \Nand help rebuild his home planet.
Fumi: until there was nobody on \NEarth who remembered him.
Fumi: to say goodbye to a planet \Nthat no longer remembered him.
Fumi: Goodbye!
Fumi: There were no goodbyes coming \Nfrom the empty planet.
Fumi: For his treasures were still \Nsafe on the empty planet.
Fumi: A treasure that will never rust in the rain.
Fumi: The treasure of friendship.
Fumi: and flew off into space
Fumi: in search of new treasures.
Fumi: That was because
Fumi: the Elizabeth who left was only \Na temp who filled in on Mondays.
Fumi: just returned from a long vacation today.
Katsura: Say goodbye to the temp Elizabeth!
Katsura: Sorry that you didn't get any \Nscreen time in the Benizakura arc!
shinpachi: Hey!
Fumi: The end.
GINTOKI: Fresh tracks in the snow.
GINTOKI: And the Shogun?!
Shogun: Please Take Me Skiing
Shogun: Next time:
Shogun: Please take me skiing.
Shogun: I place myself in your hands.
Matsu: A beast can't survive winter if he \Ndoesn't know when to rest his fangs.
Toshi: P-Pops!
Matsu: but you're a gorilla who leads a whole troop.
Kondo: Th-That was close!
Matsu: One bad decision and your entire \Ntroop will be buried under the snow.
Matsu: I'm going to
Matsu: snap them off.
Matsu: Do you want to go to sleep and see tomorrow?
Matsu: Or go to sleep and never wake up again?
Matsu: Make your choice.
Matsu: One...
Kondo: What happened to two and three?!
Matsu: Never heard of those numbers before.
Matsu: A man only needs to know the number \None to get along in this world.
Matsu: Are you going to rest or die?
Matsu: Make it quick!
Toshi: I'm staying behind.
Toshi: We need someone to take Kondo-san's place.
Matsu: Absolutely not.
Matsu: You're going with him!
Toshi: Why are you forcing us to take a vacation?
Matsu: I'm trying to be nice here!
Matsu: There is no other motive involved!
Toshi: There's nothing nice about \Nhow you're treating us.
Matsu: Okay! That means you're all going!
Matsu: Get packed.
Matsu: There's someone who wants \Nto come along on your trip.
Matsu: Just keep an eye on him if you would.
E: Damn! Look at that hang time!
F: He's like a bird!
Toshi: I'm glad to see that you're safe.
Toshi: My Lord?
Shogun: It felt good when I jumped and there \Nwas a rush of air against my crotch.
Shogun: I want to try it again.
Toshi: Understood!
Toshi: Bring the helicopter around!
Toshi: I told you that something didn't sound right.
Toshi: A vacation? Go spread your wings?
Toshi: We're just babysitting the Shogun.
Toshi: We won't be getting a \Nsecond of relaxation time.
Yama: We're attracting too much attention.
Yama: Nobody's supposed to know that we're here.
Toshi: Don't be stupid.
Toshi: We just have to convince the Shogun \Nthat this is how people normally ski.
Yama: But the other visitors are \Ngetting scared and leaving.
Toshi: All the better.
Toshi: It'll be easier to protect the \NShogun if nobody else is around.
Toshi: Don't let anyone else up there.
Okita: Someone who's making a huge snowman \Nthat's going to get in the way.
Toshi: Tell them to leave.
Okita: This is a ski slope.
Okita: Find somewhere else to play.
Okita: Find somewhere else to make your snowman.
Kagura: Shut up!
Kagura: This isn't a snowman.
Kagura: This is a Neo Armstrong \NCyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon.
Toshi: Huh?
Toshi: Shogun!
Toshi: Sogo! What's going on?!
Toshi: Do you read me?!
Toshi: Is the Shogun safe?!
Toshi: Where did he go?!
Kondo: Toshi! Do you read me?!
Kondo: Toshi! We've got big trouble!
Toshi: I know! I saw the whole thing!
Kondo: What?! Really?!
Kondo: I just came across them by coincidence!
Kondo: I never expected Otae-san and \NShinpachi-kun to be here!
Toshi: Huh? What are you talking about?!
Kondo: It's a good thing that I got \Ncurious and tailed them!
Toshi: Don't you know that the Shogun is missing?!
Kondo: Huh?! What are you talking about?!
Kondo: A man wearing nothing but his underwear
Kondo: just came flying out of the \Nsky to attack Otae-san!
Toshi: That's the Shogun!
Toshi: The Shogun's the one who's getting \Nthe crap beaten out of him!
Kondo: I need to help her at once!
Kondo: Damn!
Kondo: The snowboard's preventing me from moving!
Kondo: In that case...
Kondo: Pervert!
Kondo: Get away from my Otae-san!
Otae: You're the pervert!
Toshi: Kondo-san! Shogun!
Toshi: This is bad!
Toshi: His skis are carrying him away!
Toshi: Wait a second!
Toshi: The underwear boys are in an \Nincredibly wrong position!
G: We got a serious case of indecent \Nexposure flying down the slope!
Toshi: Stop them!
Toshi: Do whatever it takes to stop them!
Toshi: Leave the Shogun to me!
Yamazaki: Chief!
Toshi: Hey! Are you okay?
Toshi: Wait a moment!
Toshi: That's the Shogun!
Yama: Damn!
Yama: He's going too fast for us to catch up!
Yama: Huh? Boss?
Yama: Why are you here?
Yama: Can you stop the chief...
Yama: Huh? Wait...
Yama: Do you realize what you're riding?!
Yama: Vice chief!
Yama: It's terrible!
Yama: The Odd Jobs boss is...
Toshi: Stop!
GINTOKI: Huh? Why are you here?
Toshi: We don't have time for that!
Toshi: Look down! Look down!
GINTOKI: Ah! When did that happen?!
Toshi: Don't give me that shit!
Toshi: Don't you recognize who that is?!
GINTOKI: And who is your board?!
Toshi: Ah! When did that happen?
GINTOKI: You're no better than I am!
Toshi: Or you'll be committing \Nseppuku ten times over!
GINTOKI: I would have stopped already if I could!
GINTOKI: What do I do?!
GINTOKI: Pretend like we're out in the \Ncountry where it's warm and fuzzy?
Toshi: How's that supposed to help?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Wait a moment!
GINTOKI: His underwear!
GINTOKI: He slows down when I tug on his underwear!
Toshi: What?! You can control humanboards \Nwith their underwear?!
Toshi: But we're leaving a strange track.
Toshi: What is this?
GINTOKI: It's the track left by the brake.
Toshi: The brake?!
Toshi: Where would there be a \Nbrake on the human body?!
GINTOKI: The penile brake!
GINTOKI: his penis extends like a brake.
Toshi: Wait a moment! So you mean this is that?!
Toshi: It's not actually a brake!
GINTOKI: Cold and hard!
GINTOKI: And that's the truth.
Toshi: That's not funny! Cut it out!
Toshi: Stop using that brake!
Toshi: He won't be able to leave any heirs!
GINTOKI: We don't have time to be picky!
GINTOKI: Our priority is to stop this ride!
Both: We broke the brakes...
Toshi: Shit! We veered off the trail!
GINTOKI: Stop us! Someone stop us!
Otae: I'm coming to help!
Otae: Hold on!
shinpachi: Gin-san!
shinpachi: Everything's okay now that we're here!
GINTOKI: Why are these siblings acting like \Nit's perfectly normal to humanboard?!
Otae: and then I discovered the he \Nwas actually an easier ride.
Otae: I guess it's because we're siblings!
GINTOKI: You're not supposed to use \Na sibling as a snowboard!
Otae: I'll teach you how to humanboard.
Otae: Listen carefully.
Otae: These will serve as the handles.
GINTOKI: Sorry! That's impossible!
GINTOKI: Please understand that not \Nevery humanboard wears glasses!
Otae: Shin-chan!
Otae: What do I do?!
Otae: I can't do anything now!
GINTOKI: Why did you even bother coming out here?!
Toshi: Have you heard of a penile brake?
GINTOKI: The vice chief has snapped!
GINTOKI: He's making out-of-character remarks \Nthat constitute sexual harassment!
GINTOKI: He's totally given up!
Kagura: I'm coming to help you! Hold on!
GINTOKI: You liar!
GINTOKI: Clearly you're the one who needs help!
GINTOKI: You can't do jack shit!
Kagura: That's not true!
Kagura: I'm going to save everyone!
Okita: We're all going to die...
GINTOKI: Huh?! What?!
Okita: The worst part is when you're still \Nclinging to hope when you die.
GINTOKI: There's someone chiming in \Nwith really negative remarks!
Kagura: Don't be fooled!
Okita: By your bullshit?
GINTOKI: This is like that whole angel/devil \Nwhispering in your head thing!
Kagura: No. I am not me. I am not you.
Okita: But I am me. I am you.
Both: All will return to true darkness!
GINTOKI: And now it's just a completely black ball!
Katsura: I've been waiting this whole \Ntime under the snowball.
Toshi: Sogo...
Both: Have you heard of a penile brake?
Katsura: Huh?
Katsura: Wait!
Katsura: What are you doing to the leader?!
Katsura: Wait!
Toshi: Where am I?
Toshi: I remember that...
Toshi: I came to the slopes as a \Nbodyguard for the Shogun...
Toshi: Shogun!
Toshi: Where's the Shogun?!
Toshi: Dammit!
Toshi: He's not here!
Toshi: The Shogun isn't here!
Toshi: Out of range?
Toshi: Y-You've gotta be kidding...
Toshi: How far down did we fall?
Toshi: No trails.
Toshi: No sign of civilization.
Toshi: No help.
Toshi: I just have a bunch of useless incompetents.
Toshi: We're stranded.
Toshi: Forget about protecting the Shogun.
Toshi: We're the ones who've been stranded.
shinpachi: Shogun!
shinpachi: Answer if you're there!
shinpachi: Shogun!
Toshi: I'm gonna lose my head.
Toshi: We're all gonna lose our heads.
GINTOKI: That's ridiculous.
GINTOKI: and now you want to take our heads?
GINTOKI: When we just happened to win a ski trip \Nfrom a drawing in the shopping district?
GINTOKI: You fools can go to hell by yourselves.
Toshi: Did you also win a free pass for riding the \NShogun like a snowboard in that drawing?
GINTOKI: Don't ask me. I didn't even \Nrealize he was under me.
Kagura: He once mentioned how someone at the top
Kagura: needs to understand how \Nsomeone at the bottom feels.
Toshi: That doesn't mean he should \Nbecome a snowboard.
Kondo: I see.
Kondo: So Toshi was using me as a snowboard
Kondo: because he felt I needed to \Nknow how the men below me felt.
Kondo: So that's what it was.
Toshi: It sure was.
Toshi: That's why I did it.
Toshi: There are a bunch of men in nothing \Nbut their underwear right before you.
Otae: They say that you're supposed to take off \Nyour clothes and cuddle to stay warm.
Otae: Let's send some naked people to go find him!
Kondo: Someone bring me a blankie!
Kondo: A blankie to warm my heart!
Toshi: we need to worry about our own safety first.
Okita: I know. We're stranded.
Katsura: That makes sense.
Katsura: our survival and a group \Nto search for the Shogun.
Katsura: but there's no point in bringing that up now.
Katsura: Let bygones be bygones! Focus \Non the danger we currently face!
Katsura: I am just an ordinary leader now!
Katsura: Feel free to dive into my arms!
Okita: So what do we do now?
Katsura: Could you let your leader out of here?!
Toshi: The other men should have noticed \Nthat we're all missing.
Toshi: Help will come eventually.
Katsura: Can you hear me?!
Toshi: So we and the Shogun have \Nto survive until then.
Toshi: We're splitting up into two groups.
Katsura: Hey! That was my idea!
Katsura: You copycat!
Toshi: This appears to be a ridge of some sort.
Toshi: Start a fire and keep the \Nsmoke going at all times.
Toshi: We'll make this our base.
Toshi: Try to make some sort of \Nshelter from the cold.
Toshi: Everyone else will look for the Shogun.
Toshi: We need to find him today.
shinpachi: Look for the Shogun?
shinpachi: The snow is coming down \Nreally hard. It's dangerous.
Toshi: That's why we have to go.
Toshi: We can make it back if we \Nhave the smoke to guide us.
shinpachi: But it's too dangerous!
shinpachi: What if there are casualties?
Toshi: Here we go!
All: Rock always wins!
All: Good luck!
Toshi: Kondo-san! Watch your back out there!
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
GINTOKI: Did he say something?
shinpachi: Forgetting something? \NWhat's he talking about?
shinpachi: Beats me...
Kondo: Uh...
Kondo: The Shogun must be cold!
Kondo: I should bring some clothes for him!
GINTOKI: There are clothes right there.
GINTOKI: Around your waist.
Otae: You're so forgetful.
Kondo: Oops! I screwed up!
Otae: Make sure that they're warm \Nbefore you give them to him.
Kondo: Th-Then I'll be going...
Toshi: I just realized that Kondo-san \Nisn't wearing anything.
Toshi: He won't be cold if we all pitch in.
Kondo: Y-Yeah!
Kondo: But you all gave me your gloves.
Katsura: You'll die if you underestimate the \Nbitter cold of a winter mountain.
Katsura: Wear this.
Kondo: Ka-Katsura...
Toshi: We're in an extremely perilous situation.
Toshi: No help in sight.
Toshi: Our survival in this unknown land \Nrests upon a very fragile trust.
Toshi: Will we be able to survive?
Toshi: Damn! Where's the Shogun?!
Toshi: We're going to die before \Nthey can chop off our heads!
Shogun: Next time:
Shogun: A Vacation in Disorientation
Shogun: A vacation in disorientation.
Shogun: Please.
Okita: And there's no guarantee that \Nthere are any caves nearby.
Okita: But there's plenty of snow.
GINTOKI: He's going to use snow \Nas shelter from the snow.
Kagura: I guess the baboon is turning feral on us.
Kagura: How can snow possibly keep you warm?
GINTOKI: Freiza's cold-hearted attacks \Nwon't help either.
GINTOKI: the one who destroyed his planet?!
Okita: Go inside and see for yourself.
GINTOKI: No thank you.
GINTOKI: We don't want to freeze to death.
GINTOKI: since it looks like some kind of restroom.
Toshi: Just go inside!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: Gin-san? Kagura-chan?
Kagura: What is this?
GINTOKI: It's so warm.
GINTOKI: And not just in a physical sense.
GINTOKI: My entire soul feels warm.
GINTOKI: It's so comfortable.
Kagura: What is this?
Kagura: Why do I feel this way?
GINTOKI: This is...
GINTOKI: This is almost like...
GINTOKI: ...I'm back inside my mother's womb.
Okita: since you apparently have \Na better place to sleep.
GINTOKI: F-Fine with me.
GINTOKI: It's not like I want to sleep in \Nsuch a cramped and dark place.
Kagura: Can't even roll over in here.
Toshi: Then get the hell out!\NDon't make yourself comfortable!
GINTOKI: You're the one who told us to come in!
GINTOKI: You should thank us for trying \Nthis dump out for you.
Toshi: Ah! Did you just fart?!
GINTOKI: Oopsie-daisy!
Toshi: That's not the exit!
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: The entrance was so small that I figured \NI should find a different way out.
Toshi: That's bullshit!
Toshi: You did it on purpose!
Toshi: You were mad so you destroyed it!
Toshi: The snow's getting worse!
Toshi: We're wasting our energy here!
Toshi: Are you trying to get \Nus all frozen to death?!
Katsura: You shouldn't be fighting \Nat a time like this.
Katsura: I'll let you all inside my snow hut!
Katsura: Come on!
Katsura: I'm getting used to this body.
Kagura: What is this den?
Kagura: Are there bears hibernating inside?
Katsura: Don't worry. I already chased off the beasts.
shinpachi: Huh? There were actually bears inside?
Katsura: There wouldn't be bears here.
Katsura: It was just...
Katsura: Bigfoot.
shinpachi: Bigfoot doesn't exist!
GINTOKI: Why would a mythical UMA be living out here?!
GINTOKI: Why would Bigfoot wear sneakers?!
Katsura: since I was preoccupied at the time.
Katsura: It could have been a man \Nwith really big feet.
GINTOKI: Nobody has feet this big!
Katsura: and he seemed to get the message.
shinpachi: The wrong message!
shinpachi: His foot's all bloody from the thumbtacks!
Katsura: He even left this wonderful bed.
GINTOKI: That's just a stinking sneaker!
Katsura: Ow! Something's stabbing into my back!
Katsura: Who put a thumbtack here?!
GINTOKI: Hey! I can hear footsteps coming closer!
shinpachi: Crap! Bigfoot-san is coming back!
GINTOKI: Run for it!
Katsura: Get this thumbtack out of my back.
Otae: Everyone! Over here!
Otae: I found a great place!
shinpachi: Sis!
shinpachi: There's actually a cave here.
Toshi: but at least we won't be buried by the snow.
shinpachi: Really?
Otae: Take a look.
Otae: I managed to find so much food.
Otae: Chupacabras.
Otae: This appears to be a chupacabra nest.
Otae: said to have been conquered by \Nthe chupacabras in one night!
Otae: we won't have to worry about \Nbeing stranded anymore!
Otae: All of our problems will be solved!
Otae: We must fight for our victory!
Otae: I know that we can do this if we're together!
Otae: Let's go!
Otae: Huh?
shinpachi: The blizzard keeps getting worse.
shinpachi: What are we going to do?!
shinpachi: The sun's gone down and we \Nstill haven't found shelter!
shinpachi: We'll be popsicles in no time!
Katsura: You should all come back \Nto see Bigfoot-san with me!
shinpachi: Hell no!
Otae: We should use the cave I found.
Otae: Look at this delicious fried chupacabra.
GINTOKI: She can turn unidentified creatures \Ninto an unidentified substance!
GINTOKI: Everything she touches becomes dark matter!
shinpachi: How are we supposed to \Nspend the night in the lair
shinpachi: we wouldn't be able to see where \Nwe're going in this blizzard!
Toshi: It's snowing so hard that we can't even see \Nthe smoke from the fire we left behind.
Okita: I'm pretty sure the snow \Nalready put out the fire.
Okita: Kondo-san and the Shogun \Nwon't know where to go.
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: I'm sure that they'll return.
GINTOKI: To the earth.
Toshi: Don't say that!
Okita: I'm sure that we'll all return.
Okita: The Shogun's white underwear...
Okita: Our white faces...
GINTOKI: Everything will become white under this snow.
GINTOKI: Everything will return to zero!
shinpachi: The sadists can't take it!
shinpachi: They've already given up!
shinpachi: Get a grip!
Toshi: Tsk.
Toshi: All I can say is that it doesn't \Nget any worse than this.
Toshi: We just have to climb our \Nway out of this hole.
Toshi: That's one less problem to worry about.
shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
Toshi: What?
shinpachi: It just got worse!
GINTOKI: Why did a bear have to show up now?!
Katsura: We don't have any chance \Nof outrunning a bear!
Katsura: The correct course of action \Nis to play dead!
GINTOKI: You're gonna be dead for real!
Toshi: Idiot!
Toshi: That's just an urban legend!
Toshi: Stare the bear right in its \Neyes and slowly back away!
Okita: Oh?
Okita: I thought you were a bear and stabbed you.
Kagura: Hey.
Kagura: You should probably play dead.
Okita: D-Damn you...
shinpachi: What are you people doing?!
shinpachi: This isn't the time to fight among ourselves!
Otae: Shin-chan! Look out!
Otae: The bear's coming for you!
Otae: Shin-chan!
Otae: Shin-chan!
Shogun: Are you all right?
shinpachi: Huh?
Shogun: It appears that everyone survived.
shinpachi: Th-Th-That voice...
shinpachi: C-Could it be?!
Otae: Shin-chan!
Otae: Shin-chan!
Kondo: He was able to find this cabin \Non his own and take shelter.
Kondo: I was floundering around in \Nthe snow when he saved me.
Kondo: Can't tell who's protecting who.
Kondo: I have failed as a warrior.
Kondo: I am prepared to slice open my belly.
Kondo: I must devote myself to ensuring \Nthat the Shogun returns safely.
Kondo: What?! The Shogun!
Kondo: What happened?!
Kondo: What happened to the Shogun?!
Kondo: And why are you all so beat up?!
GINTOKI: We were attacked by Bigfoot and chupacabras.
Kondo: Huh?
GINTOKI: Damn those UMA! I'll make them pay!
Kondo: UMA?! That's impossible!
Kagura: It's true!
Kagura: It was all the UMA's fault!
Kondo: Damn those UMA!
Kondo: Shogun!
Shogun: Where am I?
Shogun: Why am I here?
Kondo: H-Hey!
Kondo: His memory's been damaged!
Shogun: Why am I here?
GINTOKI: These idiots brought you to \Nthe mountains to hunt UMA.
GINTOKI: we ran into a blizzard and got split up.
GINTOKI: We all got stranded for playing along \Nwith this farce of yours.
Shogun: I can't believe this.
Shogun: I've put the lives of my people in \Ndanger to satisfy an irrational whim.
Shogun: I am not qualified to rule.
Shogun: I offer my meager life as appeasement!
Kondo: Amateurs can't predict the weather!
Kondo: Help is bound to come.
Kondo: But you will have to put up \Nwith this dirty shack for now.
GINTOKI: I've managed to cover up all your crimes.
GINTOKI: Make sure you get me a reward out of this.
Kondo: And none of them have been resolved yet!
Toshi: We can't do anything until \Nthis blizzard stops.
Toshi: We'll probably do more harm than good
Toshi: But this shack is nothing more \Nthan four shabby walls.
Toshi: It's just as cold inside as it is outside.
Toshi: We need to huddle together for warmth.
Toshi: Yell when you see someone nodding off.
Okita: How are we supposed to huddle together?
Toshi: The center will be the warmest.
Toshi: The Shogun will go there.
Toshi: Then we have the girls and kids.
Toshi: The men will be on the outside.
GINTOKI: He's got something dirty in mind.
Toshi: Why are they whispering in the corner?
Toshi: Hurry up!
Kagura: Doesn't it smell?
Kagura: Like a wash rag drenched in spoiled milk.
Toshi: I'm hearing some really nasty comments!
Otae: Some things aren't meant \Nto be said out loud...
Toshi: The Shogun can hear everything you're saying!
Otae: I believe that he found it in this cabin.
Otae: Could you ask him to take it off?
Toshi: I can't do that!
Toshi: We're trying to stay warm!
Toshi: Except he already took it off!
Toshi: The Shogun has changed his objective!
Toshi: He's seeking a different kind of warmth!
Toshi: Get going.
GINTOKI: Doesn't it stink?
Toshi: Why are you joining in?!
Toshi: He already took off the fur!
GINTOKI: Are you sure that the smell \Nwas coming from the fur?
GINTOKI: I think the smell's gotten worse.
Kagura: I think this is a completely different smell.
Toshi: Just stop already!
Toshi: The Shogun's wearing \Nnothing but his underwear!
Toshi: What could possibly stink?!
Kondo: The Shogun is pretending to stretch \Nwhile checking if his armpits smell!
Kondo: Stop! Don't hurt him anymore!
GINTOKI: That must be the source.
GINTOKI: Must have been all stuffed up under that fur.
GINTOKI: We'll have to ask him to take it off.
Toshi: Don't be ridiculous!
Toshi: It would be suicide to stand naked \Nin the middle of a blizzard!
Toshi: Shogun!
Toshi: You don't even have an heir yet?!
Kagura: That's gross. I don't wanna go near him.
Toshi: Want me to kill you?!
Toshi: He took everything off because \Nyou kept complaining!
Toshi: Now huddle together!
Toshi: The Shogun needs some warmth \Nfor his body and heart!
Okita: Stop your whining.
Okita: We don't have time to gripe about \Nbad smells or grotesque objects.
shinpachi: That's rude.
shinpachi: Don't you have any tact?
Okita: Fine.
Okita: We'll go first.
shinpachi: I can't smell anything.
shinpachi: It's just a man's odor...
Kondo: Lord Shogun! Have them executed!
Kagura: It's fine if you understand now.
Toshi: It's not fine!
Toshi: Why are the two of you \Nagreeing now of all times?!
Okita: Don't worry.
Okita: so let's find him some new clothes.
Kagura: And they'll help to cover the smell.
Toshi: Hey!
Toshi: You've reduced the Shogun to a dress-up doll!
Okita: How's this?
Toshi: What are you trying to cover?!
Toshi: Why is he wearing nothing but a turtleneck?!
Toshi: The place that really needs to \Nbe covered is still exposed!
Toshi: And why does this remind me of \Na plastic surgery commercial?!
Okita: That particular region has its \Nown turtleneck already.
Toshi: Why are you grinning like an idiot?
Toshi: That wasn't funny!
Kondo: That settles it.
Kondo: The adults will have to get things going.
Katsura: while the girls and kids are outside.
Katsura: Here's a diagram.
Toshi: Why is the censor pointing towards me?!
GINTOKI: Somebody has to do it.
Toshi: This is too dirty!
GINTOKI: Stop bitching and start \Nwarming the Shogun's Shogun!
Toshi: This is all your fault!
Toshi: You should take responsibility!
GINTOKI: Zura!
GINTOKI: This is your chance to defeat the Bakufu!
Katsura: He's already limp!
Katsura: Shinsengumi!
Katsura: You should be ashamed of yourselves \Nfor exposing your leader!
Kondo: Toshi!
Toshi: Curly hair!
GINTOKI: -Zura!
Katsura: -Shinsengumi!
Kondo: Toshi!
Toshi: Curly hair!
Toshi: Hey! Wait!
Kondo: Look out!
Yama: Something's... Something's rising in the sky!
Yama: Hold on!
Yama: That's...
Yama: The Shogun?
Toshi: We're warm now.
Both: Huh?
Matsu: Good work.
Matsu: I guess I put you through a lot of trouble.
Matsu: But I have one question.
Matsu: Is that how snowboarding works?
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: There are some things you should not forget
GINTOKI: when drinking away the past \Nyear at year-end parties.
Otae: You shouldn't spoil them.
Madao: Yes! I have a job!
shinpachi: Is Gin-san really okay?
Kagura: He only gets to drink \Nhimself silly once a year.
shinpachi: I hope nothing happens.
GINTOKI: Ow...
GINTOKI: What happened yesterday?
GINTOKI: No good. Can't remember.
GINTOKI: And where am I?
GINTOKI: Why am I naked?
GINTOKI: No way.
GINTOKI: Really?
GINTOKI: I passed the critical point in a Jump show!
GINTOKI: C-Calm down.
GINTOKI: Remember what happened yesterday.
GINTOKI: It's possible that nothing happened.
GINTOKI: Who is this?
GINTOKI: I can't remember that either!
GINTOKI: Please!
GINTOKI: F-Forget the critical point!
GINTOKI: I've left the atmosphere!
GINTOKI: I-I can't remember anything...
GINTOKI: Why am I apologizing?!
GINTOKI: Why am I acting all nice?! That's disgusting!
Otose: R-Really. I can't remember anything either.
GINTOKI: Why isn't she looking at me?
GINTOKI: Why is she acting like a woman?!
GINTOKI: Don't play dumb!
Otose: That's perfect.
Otose: Neither of us remembers.
Otose: Nothing happened.
Otose: I can accept that.
Otose: Let's just forget about this.
GINTOKI: I can't just forget about this crazy event!
GINTOKI: Why am I still apologizing?!
GINTOKI: I just sound like a creep!
GINTOKI: Th-That's true.
GINTOKI: We both got drunk and fell \Nasleep in the same bed.
Otose: W-We should be heading home.
Otose: They might be starting to worry about us.
Otose: Don't want anyone to get the wrong idea.
Otose: S-See you later.
GINTOKI: Why are we acting like this \Nis some kind of office tryst?!
GINTOKI: I feel sick! I feel sick!
GINTOKI: I can't tell if it's because I'm hung \Nover or because I did something nasty!
GINTOKI: Why did this happen?!
GINTOKI: I should have listened \Nto Shinpachi's warning!
shinpachi: Everyone says that you shouldn't \Nlet alcohol get the better of you.
GINTOKI: Feels like it's been ages since \Nwe were Odd Jobs together!
GINTOKI: Can I no longer go back to \Nbeing the normal person I was?
GINTOKI: How am I supposed to act \Nwhen I walk in the door?
GINTOKI: And how much do they know?
GINTOKI: Damn! I can't go home!
Tama: Welcome back.
GINTOKI: I-I wasn't out all night!
Tama: But it's already morning.
GINTOKI: G-Guess I had too much to drink.
Tama: I never asked for an explanation.
GINTOKI: W-We weren't sleeping next \Nto the same dumpster!
GINTOKI: We were in completely different places!
GINTOKI: We weren't sleeping together! \NDon't get the wrong idea!
Tama: What do you mean by that?
Tama: Get a hold of yourself.
Tama: How many more bars did you visit?
GINTOKI: What happened?
Tama: so Master Shinpachi took her \Nhome after the second bar.
Tama: so I carried her home.
Tama: Everyone was very drunk at this point.
GINTOKI: I see. Who stayed behind?
Tama: And the fourth bar was going to be in Yoshiwara.
GINTOKI: So I only need to worry about the adults.
GINTOKI: Should I ask them?
Tama: Master Gintoki?
GINTOKI: I need to find out if I'm clean.
GINTOKI: Excuse me!
Otae: Yes?
Otae: G-Gin-san.
GINTOKI: I was wondering if Shinpachi made it home.
GINTOKI: H-How are you doing?
GINTOKI: You were pretty drunk.
Otae: N-Not really. My job requires \Nme to drink all the time.
GINTOKI: Why won't she look at my face?
GINTOKI: She knows that Gran and I did the deed?!
GINTOKI: So something actually happened?!
Otae: It was the alcohol.
Otae: Just a lapse in judgment.
Otae: Let's forget it ever happened.
Otae: It was a one night mistake.
GINTOKI: You liar! You obviously \Nremember what happened!
Otae: I won't tell Shin-chan.
GINTOKI: W-Wait!
GINTOKI: I can't remember anything from yesterday.
GINTOKI: So I don't know what actually happened.
Otae: You can't remember?
GINTOKI: Debris!
Otae: That's despicable!
Otae: So it really was just the alcohol.
Otae: I didn't think you were such a creep!
Otae: Never show your face around here again!
GINTOKI: Violated my honor?
GINTOKI: What does that mean?
GINTOKI: Huh? Doesn't she mean Gran's honor?
GINTOKI: But Gran doesn't have \Nany honor left anywhere.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Kyubei-kun! Please come out!
GINTOKI: So I slept with Gran and Otae?!
GINTOKI: Could you please open the \Ndoor? It can't be true!
GINTOKI: Kyubei-kun!
GINTOKI: I have a question!
GINTOKI: What happened at the fourth bar?
GINTOKI: What did you say?
Tojo: I am so grateful!
Tojo: but she just made her decision!
Tojo: Our lady has accepted her \Nrole as our princess!
Tojo: Ah! Where are you going?!
Tojo: After him!
Sa: The phantom thief Koikage \Nhas stolen your groom!
Sa: We were a team long before you ever met him!
Sa: What did he steal?
Sa: That should be obvious.
Sa: My precious virgi-
Tojo: They fell down!
Tojo: Capture Master Gintoki!
GINTOKI: What's going on?!
GINTOKI: What have I done?!
Tsu: Two hundred million.
Tsu: Work hard to pay it off.
GINTOKI: H-How many mistakes did I make in one night?!
GINTOKI: This is a lie!
GINTOKI: I can't remember any of these?!
GINTOKI: Ha-Hasegawa-san!
GINTOKI: What did I do yesterday?!
Madao: Get drunk and forget it ever happened.
Madao: I'll do the same.
Madao: Last night never happened.
GINTOKI: Y-You too...
Zenzo: but everyone was completely drunk.
Zenzo: Ten minutes or so passed.
Zenzo: Then you finally came back and \Nsaid that she had gone home.
Zenzo: I remember you looked happy for some reason.
Zenzo: The same thing happened with Sarutobi.
GINTOKI: How is that fine?!
GINTOKI: Am I Dr. Dolittle?!
Zenzo: You must be a real animal lover.
GINTOKI: And I was actually victimized once!
GINTOKI: And why was Hasegawa-san twenty minutes?!
Zenzo: The second time must have been too much.
GINTOKI: Bastard!
GINTOKI: You should have stopped me!
GINTOKI: What do we do now?!
GINTOKI: A different show will be airing \Nin this slot in January!
Zenzo: Calm down.
Zenzo: There's nothing wrong with doing the deed.
Zenzo: It's only wrong when you have no \Nintention of taking responsibility.
Zenzo: Everything depends on how you behave now.
Zenzo: So man up.
Otose: Huh?!
Otose: You want to start a serious relationship \Nthat might lead to marriage?!
Otose: What are you talking about?!
Otose: Did you hit your head on something? \NYou're making me sick.
GINTOKI: I'm the one who feels sick.
GINTOKI: and you know how I said I \Ndidn't remember anything?
GINTOKI: I was actually lying.
Otae: Oh? So you were fully aware \Nof what you were doing?
GINTOKI: We can't just get married on the spot.
Sa: After jumping right into bed with me?!
Sa: Are you toying with me?!
GINTOKI: but I was thinking that you need time
Tsu: I've already made up my mind.
Tsu: That money will be spent on bodyguards \Nfor Yoshiwara after I'm gone.
GINTOKI: W-We can talk about money some other time!
GINTOKI: I'm dirt poor!
GINTOKI: Are you sure about this?
Madao: I wouldn't mind falling to the \Nbottom of society with you.
Madao: That's how I feel now.
GINTOKI: They're all interested for some reason!
Zenzo: I see.
Zenzo: I was thinking that you could scare some
GINTOKI: How am I getting serious?!
GINTOKI: I'm a six-timing bastard! I'm a sleazebag!
Zenzo: That was already true when you \Nslept with six people in one night.
GINTOKI: I don't remember Strawberry 100% \Nhaving an old lady and an old man!
GINTOKI: That would make for some traumatic images!
GINTOKI: Fanservice 0%!
GINTOKI: I should apologize now.
Zenzo: You think they'll let Bunta-san \Nget away with that?
Zenzo: There's only one way to survive.
Zenzo: Take responsibility by going \Nout with all six of them
Zenzo: without the others finding out.
Zenzo: It's a short-term strategy.
Zenzo: I'm willing to help.
Otose: What?! Live together?!
Otose: Why do you keep pushing on ahead?!
Otose: You're making me sick!
GINTOKI: We won't really know each other \Nuntil we've lived together.
Otae: But this place would be too \Nsmall for the three of us.
GINTOKI: Who's the third person?
Otae: Shin-chan.
GINTOKI: That would be a bad idea!
GINTOKI: So just drop by when you can.
GINTOKI: We'll keep this our secret until I've \Nstraightened everything out with the others.
Tojo: That makes sense!
GINTOKI: Why are you here every day?!
GINTOKI: but I'll try to be here every night.
Sa: You're only coming back at night?!
Sa: Does that mean you're only after my body?!
GINTOKI: I can probably just ignore her.
GINTOKI: D-Don't get the wrong idea.
GINTOKI: I don't have anything dirty in mind.
Tsu: Do as you please.
Tsu: We can get lotioned up \Nand two hundred million.
Tsu: Or you can two hundred \Nmillion between my boobies.
Tsu: Or two hundred million inside me.
Tsu: Take your pick.
GINTOKI: I don't get to choose anything!
GINTOKI: You just want your two hundred million!
GINTOKI: so let's not talk about money again.
GINTOKI: Hey! The situation has clearly gotten worse!
Zenzo: Couples that live together usually \Nend up not getting married.
Zenzo: Think about it.
Zenzo: Who would want to spend their life with \Nyou after seeing how you normally behave?
GINTOKI: That doesn't mean we should put \Nall six of them in one house!
Zenzo: Don't be picky.
Zenzo: This happens to be an \Napartment my old man runs.
Zenzo: You can work it out.
GINTOKI: Are you sure you're not \Njust playing with me?!
Zenzo: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: That doesn't make me feel better!
GINTOKI: You're going to turn this show \Ninto To Love-Ru Darkness!
Otae: What? I shouldn't go outside?
Otae: But then I can't go shopping or cook.
GINTOKI: I can do the shopping.
Otae: Are you worried about me?
GINTOKI: O-Of course I am!
Otae: But it's a housewife's duty to go shopping.
Otae: I've made up my mind.
Otae: but I'll do my best to support you.
Sa: Would you like dinner?
Sa: Would you like a bath?
Sa: Or would you like me?!
Otae: You're sweating so much.
Otae: Was our neighbor angry?
Otae: I should go apologize!
GINTOKI: It's okay! I just apologized!
Otae: But I should apologize in person!
GINTOKI: I said that it's okay!
GINTOKI: You shouldn't go outside!
GINTOKI: That person was clearly a deviant.
Otae: But that scary neighbor \Nmust have forgiven us
GINTOKI: Paid your respects?!
GINTOKI: Y-You visited everyone?
GINTOKI: What kind of present?
Otae: What was that? It came \Nfrom the room next door.
GINTOKI: Why are you opening a hole \Nin the wall when you knock?!
GINTOKI: That's not the problem!
GINTOKI: Kyubei! What's wrong?!
Kyu: That voice belongs to Gintoki...
Kyu: Welcome home...
GINTOKI: Save that for later! What happened?!
Kyu: There were sesame buns by the door.
Kyu: But it turns out that they were poisoned.
Kyu: I'm getting heartburn.
GINTOKI: You fool!
GINTOKI: A rich person shouldn't need to eat \Nfood that's been on the ground!
Kyu: I just heard Tae-chan's voice...
GINTOKI: You're hearing things now?! Hang on!
Kyu: So I still can't forget about Tae-chan...
GINTOKI: D-Don't worry about it.
GINTOKI: I need to shut her up.
GINTOKI: H-Hold on. I'll help you throw it up.
Kyu: Don't touch me!
GINTOKI: I-I'm home.
Tsu: You fool.
Tsu: What are you doing?
Tsu: Come on now.
Tsu: Dinner's getting cold.
GINTOKI: Ow! Ow! Ow!
GINTOKI: You're ripping apart my body!
GINTOKI: Hold on!
GINTOKI: I'll never get out if they both pull!
GINTOKI: Push! Please push!
Both: Push?
Both: Hold on! I'll circle \Naround to the other side!
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: This is good enough.
GINTOKI: Let's have dinner.
GINTOKI: I'm starving.
Tsuku: You must really want to eat my food.
Kyu: D-Dinner?
Kyu: But how am I supposed to feed you?
GINTOKI: Just bring me my dinner!
GINTOKI: No good! My waist hurts so much that \NI don't have any strength left!
Tsuku: but I know how to use a hot pot.
GINTOKI: How am I supposed to eat this?!
GINTOKI: Am I supposed to be Goemon?!
Tsuku: Enjoy.
GINTOKI: You're clearly cooking me to eat!
Kyu: I don't know if it will suit your palate.
Kyu: And where is your palate?
Tojo: He's dancing with joy!
Tsuku: Don't be in such a rush. Nobody's \Ngoing to take your food.
Tsuku: I'm glad that I made it sweet.
GINTOKI: I don't even know what's spicy or sweet!
GINTOKI: Hey! I'm gonna die!
Tsuku: What?
Kyu: It's to die for?
Tsu: There's plenty more left!
Tojo: Princess! Feed him more!
Tojo: This is how a married couple bonds!
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: People can only live by forgetting the bad.
GINTOKI: Don't lie!
GINTOKI: Why are you competing with each other?!
Kyu: I see. So Tae-chan has \Nfound a special someone.
Otae: Kyu-chan.
Kyu: That settles it then.
Kyu: I'll face reality and \Nlive happily as a woman.
Kyu: With him.
Otae: Wh-Who is he?
Sa: I can't tell you...
GINTOKI: Hey! This is about to get really nasty!
Sa: Stop playing coy and tell us who it is!
Sa: It's probably some ugly pig!
Otae: That's right. I need to say \Nhello to your boyfriend!
Sa: What's that supposed to mean?!
Sa: Just tell us now!
Tsu: Enough of this foolishness.
Tsu: An outsider shouldn't pry into \Nsomeone's private affairs.
Tsu: Leave her be.
Sa: Don't worry. Nobody's interested in you.
Tsu: Have fun with Pixelmon.
Sa: Stop lowering the quality!
GINTOKI: Stop it! Not another word!
Otae: but eventually he'll help turn our \Ndojo into a palace where we can live.
GINTOKI: Venture entrepreneur?!
GINTOKI: I never promised anything!
Kyu: I believe that he's one of the \NSeven Warlords of the Sea.
GINTOKI: The hell I am!
GINTOKI: Why do they have to compete?!
Tsu: Foolishness.
Tsu: The only thing that matters is \Nthat you believe he's the best.
Tsu: But he was popular with \Nthe Yoshiwara courtesans.
Tsu: And he defeated the villain \Nof Yoshiwara all by himself.
GINTOKI: So you're still going to join in?!
Otae: And my boyfriend is also one of \Nthe Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Sa: Y-You too?
Sa: What a coincidence! My darling is \Nalso one of the Seven Warlords!
Tsu: What a small world.
Tsu: Four of the Seven Warlords \Nlive in this apartment.
GINTOKI: Over half of the Warlords are me!
Otae: Otose-san! Are you the same?
Sa: How rude! We're just role playing!
Otose: We're past the stage of going on dates.
Otose: I believe.
GINTOKI: Gran! You're joining in?!
Otae: So am I!
Kyu: I was the first one to bring \Nup the Seven Warlords.
Tsu: R-Really?
Tsu: So we'll all be going on dates tomorrow?
Tsu: Maybe we'll run into each other somewhere.
GINTOKI: Why are you deciding my schedule for me?!
GINTOKI: The hell is a Seven Warlord date?!
GINTOKI: There's only one warlord here!
GINTOKI: There's only Whitehair Gintoki!
Otae: It all happened so suddenly.
Otae: So we haven't been on a real date yet.
GINTOKI: I'm busy tomorrow...
Sa: The neighbor said her boyfriend
GINTOKI: Th-That has nothing to do with us.
Tojo: Fine! Then I'll leave!
Tojo: But that means you have to take \Nthe princess on a date on the 7th!
GINTOKI: One day shouldn't make \Nthat much of a difference.
Tsu: I want to go on the 7th.
GINTOKI: Why does it have to be on the 7th?
GINTOKI: Can you tell me why?
GINTOKI: Why won't the 8th work?
Zen: Ten minutes until you're \Nsupposed to meet them.
Zen: Are you ready?
Zen: Don't worry. You can make this work.
GINTOKI: I can't go on a date with \Nfive people at the same time.
Zen: I once led the Oniwabanshu.
GINTOKI: Are you going to teach \Nme the Clone Technique?
GINTOKI: That's not possible.
Zen: Just close your eyes.
Zen: Envision what I'm about to tell you.
Zen: Picture Pi-ko in your mind \Nas accurately as you can.
GINTOKI: Huh? Pi-ko? Why?
Zen: Silence!
GINTOKI: That's difficult! And why \Nare you talking like Pi-ko?!
Zen: That will work!
Zen: You have two clones now.
Zen: Silence!
Zen: Now picture another Pi-ko \Nand Osugi next to them.
GINTOKI: Hold on!
GINTOKI: I got Chris Matsumura now!
GINTOKI: You screwed me up with your gay talk!
Zen: Then switch the Pi-ko on the \Nright to Chris Matsumura.
Zen: That will change the two Osugis in \Nthe middle into Chris Matsumuras.
GINTOKI: Is this supposed to be Othello?!
GINTOKI: You called me a horse's ass \Nand I ended up with a horse!
GINTOKI: Why does it still count as Chris Matsumura?!
Zen: That's because you think of \NChris Matsumura as a horse!
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid! Apologize to me and Chris!
Zen: Whatever!
Zen: Chris and the horse are practically clones!
GINTOKI: The hell they are!
GINTOKI: I'm going to start over!
GINTOKI: This is even worse!
GINTOKI: It's like the evolution chart for Chris!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry!
Zen: And we're done. That's enough.
Zen: Open your eyes.
Zen: You should be surprised.
GINTOKI: You're just entertaining yourself!
Zen: Just a little joke.
Zen: They're wearing masks.
Zen: Take them off.
Zen: I'm not going to ruin the romance in the air.
GINTOKI: They're inflated with air!
GINTOKI: Clone Technique my ass!
GINTOKI: How is that going to help?!
Otae: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Shit!
Otae: Sorry I'm late!
GINTOKI: What if there's someone who knows me?
Otae: You're so shy.
Sa: Darling! Sorry!
Sa: Did you wait long?
Tojo: Master Gintoki!
Kyu: Sorry about being late.
Kyu: I was choosing what to wear.
Tojo: Over here.
Kyu: I'm sorry.
Kyu: I see that you also dressed up.
Kyu: I almost didn't recognize you.
Tojo: Indeed. He's like a completely \Ndifferent person!
Tojo: Sorry about grabbing the wrong person.
Zen: We just have to make sure that \Nthey don't notice one another.
Zen: But we shouldn't need to worry \Nabout that when it's so dark.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: I don't know how to use those.
Zen: I've been sitting this whole \Ntime and my ass is hurting.
Zen: This is Unit 01. This is Unit \N02. This is Unit 03 and Unit 04.
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
GINTOKI: What? Repeat that again.
Zen: You can use this to hear what they're \Nsaying and you can also speak through it.
Zen: Use the switch to change between...
GINTOKI: I don't know which one is Unit \N01 and which one is Unit 02!
Kyu: Gintoki.
Kyu: Am I boring you?
GINTOKI: This is bad!
GINTOKI: She's getting suspicious because \NI haven't said anything.
GINTOKI: How do I talk into this?
GINTOKI: Uh...
GINTOKI: What is this?!
GINTOKI: There are lines programmed into those things?
GINTOKI: I have to choose one of them?
GINTOKI: And these lines are horrible!
GINTOKI: They all have to do with hemorrhoids!
GINTOKI: I have no idea when line 5 \Nwould ever come into play!
Kyu: I see. Sorry to bother you \Nwith such a foolish question.
GINTOKI: There's a good line!
GINTOKI: A cheesy one that's perfect \Nfor this situation!
GINTOKI: I was comparing your beauty to \Nthat of the North Star.
GINTOKI: But your hemorrhoids are bigger.
GINTOKI: Th-There was a nasty \Nbugger tacked on the end!
GINTOKI: Why did that rotten ninja \Neven include these lines?!
GINTOKI: What do hemorrhoids have \Nto do with the North Star?!
Tojo: Master Gintoki! What do you mean?!
GINTOKI: Now I've got someone else on me!
Tojo: Do you mean to say that the \Nprincess has hemorrhoids?!
Tojo: And you've seen them before?!
Kyu: N-No! I don't have any!
GINTOKI: Shit! Hurry! Cover my ass!
GINTOKI: The line had a use!
Otae: What's that?
Otae: Huh?
Otae: Isn't that Gin-san?
GINTOKI: That's a toilet with a shower.
GINTOKI: Unit 03! Pull yourself together!
Tojo: Princess! Master Gintoki has vanished!
Kyu: Are you okay?!
GINTOKI: Guess I'll ditch the sleeping \Nold hag and go for a recovery.
Sa: Why are the people in the \Ncenter making so much noise?
Sa: I should go warn them.
GINTOKI: Sh-Shit! They're going \Nto bump into each other!
GINTOKI: I believe that this string controls Unit 02!
Sa: You don't want me to go?
Sa: Don't worry! I won't go anywhere!
Sa: I'll always be here for you!
GINTOKI: I-I'm saved...
Otae: That's my juice...
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: I also made Unit 01 grab something?
GINTOKI: Hey! Unit 04 is grabbing something!
GINTOKI: What is he grabbing?!
GINTOKI: He was grabbing someone's thing!
GINTOKI: That's the wrong side!
GINTOKI: Don't pull that out!
GINTOKI: I've figured it out!
GINTOKI: Their movements are linked!
GINTOKI: These clones are so hard to use!
GINTOKI: but Tsukuyo is going to \Nnotice sooner or later!
Sa: Eat this. Ah!
GINTOKI: I don't have time to deal with you!
GINTOKI: The guy next to Unit 04 is...
GINTOKI: Damn it!
GINTOKI: How do I open my mouth?!
GINTOKI: Which string is it?! This one?!
Otae: What brought that on?
Otae: Are you nervous?
Otae: It's so strange.
Otae: We didn't used to have any issues \Nwhen we were alone together.
Otae: Now I get so nervous whenever I'm with you.
Otae: Gin-san?
Otae: W-Wait a second!
Otae: W-We can't do that here!
Otae: G-Gin-san!
GINTOKI: At the worst possible time!
GINTOKI: I-It's okay!
GINTOKI: It might look like a kiss!
GINTOKI: A very wild kind of kiss!
GINTOKI: The hell did you open your mouth for?!
Sa: Here you are.
Sa: Ah!
GINTOKI: Shut the hell up!
GINTOKI: Don't make any more trouble for me!
GINTOKI: How?
GINTOKI: What did you feed him?!
Otae: Don't get too friendly now!
GINTOKI: That one's about to be eaten alive.
GINTOKI: That girl is more like \NUnit 01 than my Unit 01!
GINTOKI: Go back to your seat!
Tsu: Could you stop this?
Tsu: Can't you do that somewhere else?
Sa: Ah! Someone help!
Sa: My darling jumped into the vent!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Unit 02 also took a dive?!
Sa: I'll give you mouth-to-crotch!
GINTOKI: Unit 02 is down!
GINTOKI: Only Unit 04 is left!
GINTOKI: Th-They've been wiped out!
GINTOKI: There was no chance that they \Ncould handle those women!
GINTOKI: I'm going to end up like these dolls!
GINTOKI: Run!
GINTOKI: Run somewhere far away from \Nthis place and everyone here!
GINTOKI: That's the only way I can survive!
GINTOKI: That was a long dump.
Zen: Is it all over?
Zenzo: Drink.
Zenzo: Drink and forget all the bad stuff.
GINTOKI: I won't be able to forget this.
Zenzo: It must have been really bad.
GINTOKI: They were going to tear my \Nsix-timing balls into six balls
GINTOKI: and scatter them around the world \Nso I would have to look for them.
GINTOKI: Then they went back for tools.
GINTOKI: But they haven't come back.
GINTOKI: I could drink an ocean and \Nnot forget that taste.
GINTOKI: I can't let myself forget.
GINTOKI: that I never thought about them.
GINTOKI: But they still show kindness \Nto the man who tricked them.
GINTOKI: What can I do for them?
Zenzo: There's nothing left.
GINTOKI: But that won't be enough...
Zenzo: It will.
Zenzo: Look at the bowl.
shinpachi: Stop! You're killing me!
shinpachi: Turn off the TV! No more!
shinpachi: That face is priceless!
Kyu: But we may have gone too far.
Kyu: but he actually thought \Nthat we slept together?
Otose: He wasn't entirely innocent.
Otose: Did you forget what \Nhappened during the party?
Otose: and we had to pay for the repairs \Nwhen he wrecked the bar.
Tsu: He would be a bad drinker.
Sa: You're in no position to talk!
Sa: And you helped him wreck the bar!
Tojo: Then make me a copy of the part
Kyu: That never happened.
Otose: I can't do that.
Otose: We have to hold onto this \Ntape and show it to him
Zen: I'm the one who taped the whole thing.
Zen: You should give me something for my trouble.
Zen: Right.
Zen: Let me see that look on his face again.
shinpachi: What? Haven't you had enough?
shinpachi: How many times have we watched this?
shinpachi: I'm getting tired of...
Madao: How about a drink to help you \Nforget all the bad stuff?
GINTOKI: I have nothing I want to forget.
GINTOKI: I won't forget your faces \Nuntil I've gotten my revenge.
GINTOKI: Why are you the only one here?
Madao: Because I want to forget.
GINTOKI: You're the ones who bent me over \Nand forced me to quit drinking.
Madao: Gin-san.
Madao: I never did that.
Madao: You're the one
Madao: who bent me over.
GINTOKI: Pops!
GINTOKI: Give me the strongest liquor you got!
GINTOKI: Next time:
Both: Yay!
Both: Yes!
Both: Thank you very much!
GINTOKI: Male escorts!
All: Just do it!
Hachi: she intends to ruin us.
Hachi: but a goddess of death.
shinpachi: Wh-Why?!
shinpachi: Did something happen to upset her?
Hachi: We're talking about the most \Npowerful socialite under the sun.
Hachi: I would assume that she didn't like \Nsome aspect of the experience.
shinpachi: So you don't actually want to quit.
shinpachi: You just think that this \Nplace will be shut down.
Kyo: I'm very sorry.
Kyo: Our failure will ruin the entire town.
Kyo: I swear on my pride as a host.
Hachi: But how are we supposed to entertain the
GINTOKI: How many?
Both: Huh?
GINTOKI: And...
GINTOKI: Listen up!
GINTOKI: We're going to scout the Kabuki district for
GINTOKI: Everyone ready?
GINTOKI: Just do it!
Both: Sparkling!
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: My life is yours.
Kagura: Consider it done.
GINTOKI: Ignore anyone below a Bronze Saint.
Kagura: Excuse me! I have no idea \Nwhat that means! Whoo-hoo!
GINTOKI: so reject them too!
shinpachi: You just eliminated the \Nmajority of the human race!
shinpachi: What's the difference \Nbetween bronze and silver?!
GINTOKI: make sure you don't bring any Gold Saints
GINTOKI: like Masaharu Fukuyama or Shun Oguri.
GINTOKI: They'll make us look bad \Nand scare the customers.
shinpachi: So you want us to bring ugly people?!
GINTOKI: Just go!
Kyo: Looks are only a starting point.
Kyo: Hosts must have personalities \Nthat draw people to them.
GINTOKI: So you're saying that I'm \Nall looks and no substance?
GINTOKI: Just a pretty face?
Kyo: And I never said that you \Nwere particularly handsome.
GINTOKI: And that's what we're focused on.
Kyo: Huh?
Kyo: This is worse than I expected!
Kyo: And is he wearing paper?!
Kyo: Hold on a second.
Kyo: Wouldn't he considered a Cardboard Saint?
Madao: This isn't cardboard.
Madao: It's kind of like a suit.
Kyo: And your necklace is somebody's \NTanabata wish card.
GINTOKI: but he's a hard worker on the inside.
GINTOKI: Like a J Leaguer.
GINTOKI: Welcome aboard!
GINTOKI: And he's got bling around his neck.
GINTOKI: And we're planning a \Nshotgun wedding with Rosa!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. I've got it covered.
GINTOKI: I happen to know this handsome fellow \Nwho works in the service industry.
GINTOKI: And I'm not talking about \None of those metrosexuals
GINTOKI: that are all the rage these days.
GINTOKI: This one's a real macho...
Otae: Did you just call me macho?!
shinpachi: Sis!
Otae: I came because you told me
shinpachi: I was saying that we could obtain wealth
shinpachi: so just bear with us.
Otae: Shut your mouth!
Otae: Why should I dress up like a \Nman and work at a host club?!
GINTOKI: There isn't much difference between \Na hostess club and a host club!
GINTOKI: The only difference is the gender!
GINTOKI: Which means you're already a host...
Kyo: You have it all wrong.
Kyo: I thought that the top hostess \Nin the Kabuki district...
Otae: Huh?
Kyo: ...would be able to introduce \Nus to some handsome men.
Kyo: Since you must be very popular with the guys.
Otae: Huh? O-Oh...
Madao: Boss!
Otae: Handsome men?
Otae: I suppose that I know a few.
Otae: Who should I choose?
Otae: This is so difficult!
shinpachi: And here comes someone who was \Nnever invited to the party!
shinpachi: Why is he acting like we \Nbegged him to come here?!
Kondo: You didn't want to ask me to be a host
Kondo: because you didn't want to risk losing me
Kondo: I saw it all transpire.
shinpachi: Nothing like that ever happened!
Kondo: Don't worry. Nobody can steal my heart.
Kondo: Isao will forever be your personal hostalker.
shinpachi: Nobody would want you as a personal host.
GINTOKI: Hostcar?
GINTOKI: This guy wants a host's car.
GINTOKI: We can have him carry our stuff.
Kondo: Wait! That's not what I said!
Kagura: We've got enough people now.
Kyo: I would like everyone to \Ntake an aptitude test.
GINTOKI: Aptitude test?
Kyo: I would like all of you to talk to \Ngirls and bring them to the club.
Kyo: You can pretend that you're \Ntrying to pick up the girls.
Kyo: but that's only when customers \Nrequest you by name.
Kyo: Temporary help typically \Nplays a supporting role.
Kyo: Show me that you can cover \Nfor each other's mistakes
Kyo: Is that their target?
Kyo: He bumped into her to \Ncreate an excuse to talk.
Madao: I believe this dropped from your back.
Madao: Feather.
Kyo: The suit fell apart when he bumped into her!
Kyo: Somebody help him!
Kagura: That belongs to me.
Kyo: How is that supposed to help?!
Kyo: Don't you people have more important \Nthings to be talking about?!
shinpachi: Hey! What are you people doing?!
Kyo: Crap! It's the police!
Kyo: They can't pick up girls now!
shinpachi: to decide?
Kyo: You're joining in?!
Kyo: Why do you people keep striking funny poses?!
shinpachi: Just do as we say.
Kyo: Hey! You're scaring her off!
Girl: As I've been saying...
Otae: I'm not an angel!
Kyo: You too!
Kyo: What was the point of this entire exchange?!
All: {\an8}We're sorry!
Kyo: It was nothing more than a sham!
GINTOKI: What is with those people?
GINTOKI: There must be something wrong with them.
Girl: You're absolutely right.
GINTOKI: I'm the one who approached you.
Kyo: C-Could it be?!
Kyo: This is the main event?!
Girl: Th-Then I'll be going now!
Girl: Huh?
Kyo: So the entire sequence was \None giant accident designed
Kyo: to create an opening in her heart?!
GINTOKI: You dropped this. It's not a feather.
Girl: Huh? This is...
GINTOKI: I-I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: talk with you again.
Kyo: And he used a subtle invitation \Ninstead of a direct one
Kyo: to soften the bad rep that \Ncomes with being a host!
Girl: S-So you're a host.
Kyo: And then he shows his wild side?!
Kyo: He landed her?!
Kyo: They were able to recover \Nfrom that horrible beginning!
Kyo: Maybe... Just maybe they can pull it off!
GINTOKI: It wouldn't do to let an \Nangel get her feet dirty.
Girl: You're too kind...
Kyo: They may be able to put up a \Nfight against the Madame!
GINTOKI: Now.
Kondo: Vroom!
GINTOKI: Please get on.
GINTOKI: What's wrong? You've never \Nseen a hostcar before?
Kondo: Vroom!
GINTOKI: It's a comfortable ride.
GINTOKI: Hold up now.
GINTOKI: You're going the wrong way!
GINTOKI: Come on now.
GINTOKI: This is a completely \Ndifferent kind of refuge.
GINTOKI: Seriously.
GINTOKI: Let's go inside for a bit...
Girl: Help! Police!
Girl: That host is very weird!
Toshi: What's wrong with you?
GINTOKI: What's wrong with you?
Kondo: Yeah!
Both: We're just your average weird hosts!
Kyo: Why did you get yourself arrested?
GINTOKI: Boss.
GINTOKI: We would have landed two or three girls
Kondo: GIN is absolutely right.
Kondo: Cops are getting so anal these days.
Kondo: It's getting hard to live in this town.
Toshi: You're in charge of those cops!
Kondo: That's ancient history.
Kondo: I've abandoned my position \Nand prestige for Otae-san
Kondo: to start over from the bottom \Nof society as a hostalker!
Toshi: We're leaving.
Kondo: Hosts also keep the streets safe!
Okita: What are you babbling about?
Kondo: GIN! Help me out here!
Kondo: This club will be in trouble without its ace!
Kondo: Whitebeard and Luffy won't stand for this!
GINTOKI: Just feed him one banana a day.
Kondo: No!
Kondo: I'll be turned into a circus show gorilla!
Toshi: Stop struggling and come with us!
Kondo: Boss!
Kondo: Boss!
Kyo: This could very well be...
Kyo: This could very well be it!
Otae: The club has reopened with many new hosts.
Otae: Absolutely not.
Otae: The hosts here are all handsome men
Otae: selected from all over Edo.
Otae: I promise that they will make \Nthis a very magical night.
Okita: Welcome.
Toshi: To New Takamagahara.
Toshi: We're gonna have a HOT and COOL party here.
Toshi: Here we go!
Toshi: Let's party!
All: Okay!
Toshi: Hell no!
Toshi: Why are we partying?!
Toshi: When did Kondo-san turn \Ninto Harley Gorillason?!
Kyo: You definitely fit the part.
Kyo: My eyes haven't failed me.
Kyo: Please.
Kyo: I need your help to protect \Nthis town from the Madame.
Toshi: Screw that.
Toshi: Samurai do not fool around.
Kondo: so this is our duty!
Toshi: I don't think it's our duty \Nto wear handles on our heads.
Kondo: This is an order from your chief.
Kondo: We're partying all night!
Toshi: There's a party in your \Nhead every single day!
Okita: TOSHI.
Toshi: Don't call me TOSHI!
Toshi: And why are you already \Nentertaining customers?!
Okita: I just have to trick dumb \Nbitches into giving me money
Okita: Sorry. I wasn't talking about you.
Okita: Because you alone are special.
Both: Excuse me! Another bottle of Dom Perignon!
Toshi: He's a natural!
Toshi: This job was made for him!
Toshi: He's shining in all his evil glory!
Kyo: I'll be serving the Madame.
Kyo: The two of them will be my help.
Kyo: The rest of you will be help for the help.
shinpachi: Why would you need help for the help?!
shinpachi: Even the Beatles didn't use that much help!
GINTOKI: Screw that!
GINTOKI: I'm not going to be reduced to help for them!
GINTOKI: He basically looks like \NShinpachi without the glasses!
Kagura: Yeah!
Both: My face isn't that dumb!
shinpachi: What?!
GINTOKI: You're getting a cocky \Nbecause you rose two places
shinpachi: Could you stop fighting?!
shinpachi: And what does 3D have to do with anything?!
GINTOKI: I don't need any lip from the
Toshi: Fool. You're lucky the \Nauthor sucks at drawing.
shinpachi: What's so bad about Yo Oizumi?!
shinpachi: That's me!
Toshi: That's bullshit! Even his \Nglasses look like the number 8!
shinpachi: All glasses look like the number 8!
shinpachi: Cut this out now!
Otae: Please. Stop fighting.
Otae: Everyone should get along.
Otae: Teamwork is important for hosts.
Kyo: You're absolutely right.
Kyo: We need to work together \Nto satisfy the Madame.
Kyo: I want every person on \Nstandby for the Madame.
Otae: so I invited a lot of people.
Saigo: Thank you for the invitation.
Saigo: You must have really missed us.
Agomi: Kyoshiro-sama is so happy that \Nhe's foaming at the mouth!
Agomi: I love it!
shinpachi: It's the Saigo trannies!
Saigo: Is it true that you're footing the bill?
shinpachi: Wait! Kyoshiro-san!
Otae: {\an8}Enjoy yourselves.
Kyo: H-Help...
Madao: The Madame isn't even here and \Nhe's already asking for help.
shinpachi: In what way is she nervous?!
shinpachi: She sounds like a regular customer!
GINTOKI: G-Got it.
GINTOKI: I'll go find you some girls...
Toshi: Hey! He's trying to run away again!
shinpachi: Kyu-Kyubei-san's here too?!
Kyu: Sorry about being late.
Kyu: so it took a while to get ready.
shinpachi: Why are the Yagyu retainers \Ndressed like women?!
Tojo: Just finish a long day in Yoshiwara?
Tojo: Same here.
shinpachi: And this guy's on his own level of wrong!
Tsu: Hey! I never asked for any ugly girls!
Tojo: We both work in the same line of business.
Tsu: What? I heard that this \Nis a Yoshiwara for women.
Tsu: What's that then?
Okita: The B Course is horse riding.
Okita: The C Course involves candles.
Okita: And the D Course involves neglect.
Sa: Which should I choose?
Sa: But I can't see.
Sa: And isn't GIN-sama here yet?!
Sa: I'm always after the G Course!
Okita: and stick photos of it all over town.
Sa: You know your stuff. What's your name?
Both: Sick and twisted!
Sa: Oh! That sounds like something \NGIN-sama would say!
Sa: I've been waiting for you!
Sa: This is such an excellent bar!
Sa: I'm very impressed!
shinpachi: More idiots keep showing up!
Toshi: The place is practically full!
Toshi: We're in over our heads!
shinpachi: And now the trannies are starting a fight!
Tojo: Eh? Who's your doctor?
shinpachi: They sound like a couple of addicts \Nbragging about their source!
shinpachi: This is not good!
shinpachi: We need to stop them!
Toshi: What are you doing?!
Toshi: Help us clear out some customers!
Kagura: Shut up! That's what we're doing!
Both: Sorry about the wait!
shinpachi: They made it worse!
Toshi: Stop them! Do something!
shinpachi: Do what?!
shinpachi: I know! Kyoshiro-san!
shinpachi: Kyoshiro-san!
shinpachi: It's over!
shinpachi: Forget about the Madame!
Toshi: Damn it! What do we do...
Saigo: Quiet down!
Saigo: Don't you understand that you're \Nmaking trouble for the bar?
Saigo: You're supposed to control \Nyourself when you have fun.
Tsu: I've had enough.
Kyu: The party is over.
Saigo: I apologize for the trouble we caused.
shinpachi: They instantly put an end to the riot.
shinpachi: They're the real monsters.
All: Cheers!
Both: You're staying?!
Madame: Excuse me.
Madame: I have an appointment tonight.
Madame: My name is Yagami.
GINTOKI: Yagami?
GINTOKI: Could it be?
GINTOKI: Could it be?
Madame: Could you go tell Kyoshiro-san that
GINTOKI: The Madame is here!
GINTOKI: A-At the worst possible time...
Tsu: {\a6}Booze! More booze!
GINTOKI: The monsters are still partying!
GINTOKI: I need to run away before I get caught up
GINTOKI: S-So sorry...
GINTOKI: The boss is out right now.
GINTOKI: I-I'll go get him!
Toshi: I already contacted the boss.
shinpachi: Please have something to \Ndrink while you're waiting.
shinpachi: Follow me.
GINTOKI: Y-You bastards!
Toshi: You thought you could run away \Nafter dragging us into this mess?
shinpachi: All of us have to work together \Nto entertain the Madame.
GINTOKI: What? Don't be stupid!
GINTOKI: Where's everybody else?
GINTOKI: When is the boss coming back?
GINTOKI: They're all out of action!
GINTOKI: Do you have any idea what will happen if we
GINTOKI: It'd be like throwing a chair \Ninto a bunch of Jackie Chans!
shinpachi: I-It'll be okay!
shinpachi: {\a6}Please follow me.
shinpachi: Kyoshiro-san will come back!
shinpachi: Y-Your table is right over there.
Tsu: I asked for you first!
Tsu: Get your ass over here and pour me booze!
Sa: Yeah!
shinpachi: We were too easy to spot!
shinpachi: Like Jackie Chan's nose!
GINTOKI: I need to help this lady for a little bit.
GINTOKI: GURA and TAE will take good care of you.
Tsu: What's that?! You're too \Ngood to drink with me?!
shinpachi: Now she's going Jackie Chan on us!
Sa: You got balls to steal our men!
shinpachi: Wait! Don't do anything to the Madame!
Sa: Did you come here by yourself to pick up men?
shinpachi: You're no better!
Tsu: Is everything okay?
shinpachi: Hey! Somebody stop these drunks!
Kyu: Would you two stop that?
Kyu: Excuse us.
Kyu: The fancy toilet paper from the \NYagyu household can't handle it.
Otae: Let the employees handle this.
Otae: and scrub hard.
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: Even our employees are piss drunk!
Kagura: It wasn't wet enough.
Kagura: I had too much Koronamin C.
Otae: That's why kids are only \Nsupposed to have one a day.
Saigo: I see that my friends inconvenienced you.
Toshi: What are we going to do?!
Toshi: We won't be able to look after the Madame!
Toshi: She's already about to snap!
Madame: Oolong Highball.
Otae: That's Puar!
GINTOKI: Yeah. Right. That's Puar!
GINTOKI: Who's your favorite character?
GINTOKI: Let me guess.
GINTOKI: I'm pretty good at Dragonball \Ncharacter fortune telling.
Tsu: The king of King Castle!
GINTOKI: Right. You have unique taste. \NThe king of King Castle.
Toshi: That's a rare choice.
Sa: It's King Furry!
Kyu: Put yourself in Toriyama's shoes!
Kagura: Pororoca!
GINTOKI: Is it me or were those girls \Nbeating us up for the hell of it?
Toshi: That last one had nothing \Nto do with Dragonball.
Toshi: Her timing would have been \Nperfect for a quiz show.
Toshi: And I've been hit an extra time...
Saigo: Sorry!
Saigo: the carnivorous catfish that \Nlives in the Amazon region!
Toshi: Hey! What's wrong with those drunks?!
Toshi: Do they have to smack us in the \Nhead every time they talk?!
Toshi: They aren't giving us a chance \Nto talk to the Madame!
GINTOKI: And why are we talking about \NDragonball with a woman?
Toshi: I was trying to help you recover \Nfrom that Oolong tea crap!
Toshi: What the hell is Dragonball fortune telling?!
Toshi: You could have just asked what her type was!
Tsu: King of King Castle!
Sa: Colonel Silver!
Otae: Bardock!
Kyu: The female in Bardock's crew!
Saigo: The joke with a power level of \Nfive that's beaten up by Raditz!
Kagura: Pororoca!
Madame: Vegeta.
GINTOKI: And they all have weird taste!
Toshi: One of them keeps saying Pororoca!
shinpachi: Wasn't there an extra answer?
All: She answered!
GINTOKI: Hey! The Madame is actually participating!
Toshi: Which one?! Which one did she like?!
shinpachi: I-It was probably Vegeta!
Saigo: A lot of women like Vegeta.
Sa: It's the whole falling for the bad boy
shinpachi: Wait! The girls are starting \Na discussion about Vegeta!
Sa: A lot of stupid women \Nfall for those bad boys.
Otae: That relationship only worked \Nbecause Bulma was rich.
Otae: Being a Super Saiyan doesn't mean \Nmuch if you don't have a job.
Otae: And you can't say that he's gentle inside
Otae: when he only ever cried because \Nof his pride as a Saiyan
Otae: or because he was scared of Frieza.
Otae: That man only cares about himself.
shinpachi: Vegeta is getting beat down!
shinpachi: This is worse than when he got \Nhis ass handed to him by Frieza!
Tsu: But those shoulder pads would get in the way.
Tsu: You can't latch onto his arm.
Kyu: Vegeta has the same problem!
Kagura: He probably just threw on \Nwhatever Bulma bought for him.
All: Oh.
Kagura: But I'm guessing he bought \Nthe shirt that said BADMAN.
All: Vegeta's out of the question.
shinpachi: Stop!
shinpachi: And how much time have you \Npeople spent on Dragonball?!
GINTOKI: compared to when she was with Yamcha.
shinpachi: He forced his way into the conversation!
GINTOKI: Another Oolong Highball?
Madame: Yes.
GINTOKI: Bring a Oolong Highball!
shinpachi: Why are you recreating one \Nof Vegeta's famous scenes?!
shinpachi: That's the famous farewell with Trunks!
Otae: Imo shochu!
Sa: Cassis Orange!
Tsu: Japanese sake!
Kyu: With soda!
Saigo: Whiskey!
Kagura: Pororoca!
shinpachi: The famous scene had no effect!
shinpachi: Vegeta can't do anything in this world!
shinpachi: She joined in!
shinpachi: The Madame is playing Vegeta!
shinpachi: She's a pretty fun person!
shinpachi: Hang in there!
shinpachi: The Madame's heart is slowly opening!
Toshi: But those drunks are still a problem.
Toshi: We need to deal with them before
Okita: What is this party for?
Okita: A little get-together for models?
shinpachi: S-SOUGO-san!
Saigo: Please! You're such a sweet talker!
Otae: This is just a supermodel powwow!
Okita: You're all so beautiful that I got confused.
Toshi: H-He sidestepped them?
Okita: Bring the goods.
Toshi: The goods?
Okita: The champagne tower that's actually
Okita: filled with tequila!
Both: Tequila tower?!
shinpachi: I see!
shinpachi: He's going to subdue them \Nby getting them drunk!
Okita: Are you ready?
All: Let's party!
shinpachi: SOUGO-san...
shinpachi: He's so evil that he doesn't \Ngive a damn about abusing women.
shinpachi: He's a prodigy host!
shinpachi: You guys were the ones subdued?!
Saigo: but it's almost like drinking water.
Tsu: I need more booze! Bring the whole keg!
shinpachi: The tequila isn't doing \Nanything to the women!
shinpachi: They're too strong!
shinpachi: Had enough?!
shinpachi: How did she empty all of \Nthose glasses so fast?!
Madame: I had a wonderful time tonight.
Madame: Please let Kyoshiro-san know.
shinpachi: Hold on! Why are you leaving?!
shinpachi: Aren't you...
Madame: I would not dare to see Kyoshiro-san \Nwhen my face is so flushed.
shinpachi: You don't want to see him?
shinpachi: So you didn't come back because \Nyou didn't like the bar?
shinpachi: You came to see Kyoshiro-san?
Madame: So you have heard the stories.
Madame: nor am I a goddess of death.
Madame: Nor do I have the ability \Nto ruin an entire town.
Madame: My obsession with the power of money left me
Madame: I never visited a bar twice
Madame: because I didn't want people \Ntiptoeing around me.
Madame: and lost my only refuge.
Madame: That was when I met Kyoshiro-sama.
Madame: His smile was different
Madame: I assume that was because \Nhe loved his job as a host.
Madame: His smile was very special to me.
Madame: I returned to see that smile again.
Madame: You must have come to \Nreplace the hosts who quit.
Madame: I truly apologize.
Madame: Do not worry.
Madame: The goddess of death
Madame: But it was very fun.
Madame: but I saw many smiles that
shinpachi: Ya-Yagami-san...
Kyo: I've heard that Madame Yagami first appears
Kyo: then as a goddess of death \Nto bring misfortune.
Kyo: Then what happens when \Nshe visits a third time?
GINTOKI: The drinks are on you this time.
Hachi: Drinking buddies!
Host: All lined up!
Kyo: Welcome to Takamagahara.
GINTOKI: is a Jump editor who's just \Ngotten married when a
GINTOKI: new promising manga artist \Nappears before him!
GINTOKI: Next time:
GINTOKI: Draw your life on the canvas we call manga.
Honda: essentially a death sentence.
Honda: I need to find a way to save my neck.
Honda: That means I have to discover a new artist
Honda: but the manga they drew \Nwas only manga in name.
Honda: Isn't there anyone out there
Honda: Is there anyone out there
Honda: to save me from this dark prison?
Honda: N3016?
Honda: Today is his first visit.
Honda: Even his pen name is juvenile.
Honda: Hm?
Honda: They brought me a real prisoner?!
Honda: N-Nobody warned me about this!
Honda: Why did he bring all these guards with him
Honda: And it sounds like he did \Nsomething really bad!
Honda: It was nonfiction?!
Honda: We chose a complete \Npsycho to be a finalist!
Shachi: It's just a pen!
Shachi: I-I can't do that!
Shachi: I'm... I'm gonna become a manga artist!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
Honda: What?! What now?!
Shachi: Bro!
GINTOKI: Why are you so scared of \Na prisoner in handcuffs?
GINTOKI: Forget it.
GINTOKI: so scram.
GINTOKI: Sorry about all the fuss.
Honda: There's another weirdo here.
GINTOKI: Sorry about the late introduction.
Both: It's a pleasure to meet you.
Honda: Is this Bakuman?!
GINTOKI: He used to do everything himself.
GINTOKI: and he wanted the opinion of \Na twenty-year Jump reader.
GINTOKI: The art is too dated.
Shachi: What?! That's not true!
GINTOKI: Kids are sensitive to that stuff.
Shachi: Then you draw it!
GINTOKI: So we ended up
GINTOKI: working together.
Honda: A manga duo that met in a prison!
Honda: I see...
Honda: These dangerous criminals \Ncan't draw shounen manga!
Honda: Oh shit.
Honda: Quick! Get this over with and leave!
Honda: I'll try to give them advice \Nwithout antagonizing them...
Shachi: So...
Shachi: The original manga was a touching story
Shachi: about a Soul Reaper appearing before \Na prisoner about to kill himself
Shachi: and using death to teach the prisoner about
GINTOKI: He was told to draw something \Nthat wasn't so dark.
GINTOKI: So we
GINTOKI: changed things up.
Honda: You just put shoulder pads \Non all of the characters!
GINTOKI: so now you have two heroines.
Honda: The heroines are damn scary!
Honda: And they have double shoulder pads!
Honda: Are the shoulder pads the heroines?!
GINTOKI: The main character was thrown
GINTOKI: and now he spends his days
Honda: Pretty sure you've only \Nmade their shoulders hard.
Honda: S-So this is a prison harem story?
Honda: That's new.
Shachi: Right?
Shachi: and we don't want them \Nsympathizing with prisoners...
Shachi: You got a problem with prisoners?!
Shachi: We're all prisoners of society!
Shachi: I'm busting my ass drawing manga here!
Shachi: I spend all of the little time I have left
Shachi: after slaving away for hours \Non the chain gang on manga!
GINTOKI: Vanguard-san knows that.
GINTOKI: Then you would only have \Nschool romantic comedies.
GINTOKI: The prison is what makes \Nthis manga stand out.
GINTOKI: We can't give that up.
GINTOKI: But we can add some wardrobe malfunctions
Honda: Who gives a damn about \Nshoulder pads falling off?!
GINTOKI: And we'll follow Yabuki's example \Nwith the tankoban releases
GINTOKI: by adding detail to the shoulder pads
Honda: Forget that! Get rid of the shoulder pads!
Honda: And this will never make \Nit to a tankoban release!
Honda: But if you want to do
Honda: I'd say his art is too \Ncrappy for a manga artist!
GINTOKI: Really? Maybe it's because I'm \Na fan of the older Jump style.
Shachi: Maybe a different pen would help?
Honda: Do you have any concept \Nart for the heroines?
Honda: This is more like concept \Nart for the shoulder pads!
GINTOKI: Right Wing 1.
GINTOKI: Stores a carbon whip that \Nshuts up any noisy kid.
GINTOKI: Can cow any rowdy prisoner.
Honda: Storage?
Honda: These shoulder pads are used for storage?!
GINTOKI: Right Wing 2.
GINTOKI: Armed with an auto-turret that will
Honda: Of course. It only hits \Nenemies on the right side.
GINTOKI: Left Wing 1.
GINTOKI: Stores an extremely powerful stun gun
GINTOKI: And now for the Left Wing 2!
Honda: Hidden?! It was hidden?!
GINTOKI: The warden is still a girl.
GINTOKI: She uses this hairbrush \Nto take care of her hair.
Honda: Now we find out she's \Nactually fashion conscious!
Honda: Of course! She's still a girl!
GINTOKI: And the shoulder pads can be removed.
Honda: Metamorphosis?
Honda: How much time did you spend \Non the shoulder pads?!
Honda: Why are these shoulder pads \Nstarting to resemble the Cloths?!
Honda: Isn't this supposed to \Nbe a romantic comedy?!
GINTOKI: Now take the Soul Reaper heroine.
Honda: What are Zanpakupads?
Shachi: Right Wing.
Shachi: A strange blade which grows in parallel \Nto the user's spiritual power.
Shachi: Vital for every Soul Reaper.
GINTOKI: Left Wing.
GINTOKI: Used for draining spiritual \Npower when you're running low.
Honda: You guys are ripping off everything \Nunder the sun with your shoulder pads!
Honda: Wh-What am I supposed to do...
GINTOKI: What's wrong?
GINTOKI: Do you want me to make my \Nart look worse on purpose?
Honda: shoulder pads after they put \Nall that effort into them.
Shachi: The heroines didn't seem that \Nmacho in the initial sketches.
GINTOKI: The initial sketches were nothing \Nmore than a few scribbles.
GINTOKI: Can't make any judgments off that.
Honda: and N4264 did the outlining.
GINTOKI: Look at his crappy drawings.
GINTOKI: You have no idea how hard it \Nwas for me to correct this.
Warden: You're headed to the disciplinary room!
Warden: {\an8}You're headed to the disciplinary room!
Honda: They should switch roles!
Honda: And the guy with an ugly \Nface can draw some cute art!
Honda: He's made a ton of progress!
Honda: I-I understand.
Honda: Then let's have the two of you swap roles
Both: Huh?!
Shachi: But I don't know how to use a mapping pen
Shachi: since I've been a model prisoner!
Honda: N4264 writes the story
Honda: and N3016 draws a rough sketch off that.
Honda: Then you just have to fax it to me.
Shachi: Seriously?! My art can't \Ncompare with Bro's!
GINTOKI: Sounds like fun. Let's do it.
Honda: Why are you so arrogant?!
Honda: You're the one holding back this manga!
Shachi: Thank you very much for seeing us today.
Honda: I've found an incredible talent.
Honda: The gorilla finally finished?
Honda: What? It only took them one day?
Honda: These newbies are so much \Nfaster than the gorilla.
Honda: Let's see. What's the title?
Honda: God of Death?
Honda: So they focused on the
Honda: Huh? There's more below?
Honda: Looks like they were shifting between
Honda: You don't want to start \Nmixing and matching words.
Honda: This has nothing to do \Nwith reapers or prisons.
Honda: What happened to the death and pripri?
Honda: Why is this like the intro \Nfor a CHAGE & ASKA concert?
Honda: Who cares about the order?!
Honda: Don't put CHAGE in between two ASKAs!
Honda: Staggering it doesn't help!
Honda: Why are you bringing death \Nback into the title?!
Honda: And now this is just completely wrong!
Honda: What is this CHAGETH NOTE?
Honda: Does something bad happen
Chage: My shoulders are starved.
Honda: Shoulders are starved? They're huge!
Honda: They're sticking out of the panel!
Honda: And this no longer has
Honda: But why did they keep the shoulder pads?
Chage: Feels like something's going \Nto pop out of the shadows.
Honda: And those shoulders limit the space
Honda: Why are you using a huge panel \Nfor such a pointless scene?!
Honda: How long is this going to continue?!
Chage: Wh-What is this CHAGETH NOTE?!
Chage: There's a name inside...
Honda: Hey! ASKA's name's in there!
Honda: Who put it there?
Honda: CHAGE?
Honda: Did CHAGE write that?
Honda: These are all names of people who get
Honda: That list of names is scaring me! Stop it!
Honda: Don't cause any scandals!
Ryu: You weren't supposed to see that!
Honda: And why are you doing math on here?!
Honda: Don't scribble on a draft!
Honda: You're shaky on your sevens?!
Honda: Y-You're...
Honda: I can't focus on the manga!
Honda: You don't need to practice your signature!
Honda: Nobody's interested in your signature!
Honda: They drew this important \Nscene on an old note?!
Honda: The heroine's face is \Ncovered by fried rice!
Honda: And they've perfected their signature!
GINTOKI: Mute Ashirogi!
Chage: A God of Death?!
Kagura: But I still loved it to DEATH.
Kagura: -Kagura
Honda: Don't use the manga to reply!
Honda: Do they not care about this draft?!
shinpachi: -Shinpachi
Honda: Don't turn this manga into a message board!
Honda: Wait up.
Honda: What happened while those fools \Nwere talking to each other?
Honda: We're back in a prison again!
Chage: This was my only solution.
Chage: I could never write someone's name
Honda: What does that even mean?
Chage: I've fallen in love with \Nboth Ryuko and Wardena.
Honda: That never happened...
Honda: Apologize to CHAGE!
Wardena: But I'll always ASKA you.
Honda: Hey! The shoulder pads pushed her face
Honda: Who's talking?
Chage: I can't make one of them
Chage: Because I need both of them...
Chage: Both CHAGE & ASKA.
Honda: Now it's kind of a touching story?
Chage: This was for the best...
Chage: I could only protect them \Nby making them forget me.
Honda: Why would that land you in prison?!
Chage: Beats me. I can't even remember now.
Chage: It was
Chage: from the people around the
Chage: A love letter that should never
Otose: Never come back.
Otose: -Otose
Honda: You know....
Honda: it must be great!
Honda: Now is the time to copy other manga
Honda: Don't bother with originality!
Honda: Don't bother using your \Nown life experiences!
E: Beats me.
E: Because wild gorillas are scarier.
Konishi: Holy cow!
Daito: Please! Let me watch Utena!
Nakazaki: I'm not like these scum!
Honda: Jellybeans!
Chage: My shoulders are starved.
Chage: Feels like something's going \Nto pop out of the shadows.
Chage: Wh-What is this CHAGETH NOTE?!
Chage: There's a name inside...
Honda: These are all names of people who get
Ryu: You weren't supposed to see that!
Honda: Y-You're...
Chage: But I still loved it to DEATH.
Chage: -Kagura
Ryuko: -Shinpachi
Chage: This was my only solution.
Chage: I could never write someone's name
Chage: I've fallen in love with \Nboth Ryuko and Wardena.
Ryu: But I'll always ASKA you.
Chage: I can't make one of them
Chage: Because I need both of them...
Chage: Both CHAGE & ASKA.
Chage: This was for the best...
Chage: I could only protect them \Nby making them forget me.
Chage: Beats me. I can't even remember now.
Chage: It was
Chage: from the people around the
Chage: A love letter that should never \Nhave been able to reach me...
Ryu: Never come back.
Ryu: -Otose
Kondo: You ever heard the name Thorny?
Kondo: It's for nasty kids that prick \Nyou if you get too close.
Kondo: That's what we called the \Nbad boys where I come from.
Okita: I'll send him straight into a \Nbattle and straight to his grave.
Tetsu: Yeah!
Isabu: I'm a fan of the Shinsengumi.
Toshi: Are you people...
Tetsu: Yeah!
Toshi: Don't chew when you're \Nintroducing yourself.
Toshi: I got enough of your type in \Nthe 17th volume of Oishinbo!
Toshi: And why is one pant leg rolled up?
Toshi: I think one leg is \Nshorter than the other?
Toshi: Listen up.
Toshi: Doesn't matter who your dad is!
Toshi: I'll send your head flying \Nall the way to your dad!
Toshi: Yeah.
Tetsu: I'll bring all my buddies.
Toshi: Appreciate it.
Kondo: Just go easy on him.
Kondo: It'll take time to work him in.
Toshi: It'll take time? How much time?
Toshi: How am I supposed to stop myself \Nfrom killing him before then?
Toshi: Y-Yeah...
Yama: That's great.
Yama: You've mentioned how \Nbusy you always are.
Yama: So where is he?
Toshi: I have him running errands.
Tetsu: Yeah!
Tetsu: {\an8}I'll do sweet curry. You do spicy curry.
Tetsu: {\an8}Good stuff.
Yama: Excuse me.
Yama: Could you give me my curry?
Yama: What?!
Yama: I don't have any money on me!
Yama: All I have is a plate of rice!
Yama: Why are they acting like this \Nis some kind of drug deal?!
Tetsu: Cherry boy!
Yama: Don't call me a cherry boy!
Yama: How can you even tell?!
Yama: Hey! What did you slip in my pocket?!
Yama: I don't need your goods!
Yama: Hey! Stop it!
Yama: Wait! It's curry?!
Yama: Effin'!
Kondo: You're not supposed to \Nswing with your wrist!
Kondo: Use your entire body to swing!
Kondo: The sword requires concentration!
Kondo: Hold your breath!
Kondo: Then swing for everything you're worth!
Kondo: This isn't some wimpy sport!
Kondo: Fancy tricks won't get you anywhere!
Kondo: I'll repeat myself!
Kondo: Fancy tricks...
Kondo: Listen up!
Kondo: I'll repeat myself one last time!
Kondo: Your left hand is only \Nthere for support!
All: Nice shot!
Toshi: Can you turn it down a bit?
Tetsu: What? I can't hear you.
Toshi: Can you turn it down?!
Tetsu: So you're also a fan \Nof these crazy lyrics.
Toshi: You can't keep doing this forever.
Toshi: This is your last chance.
Toshi: I'm sure you've realized \Nthat you'll never get
Tetsu: You can't boss me around.
Tetsu: This is how I choose to live.
Toshi: If you run into a wall and pretend
Toshi: The wall will never change.
Toshi: So you're the one who has to change.
Toshi: You're nothing more than a kid.
Toshi: but we were able to make it this far.
Tetsu: Then cut me down.
Tetsu: I can never be like my brother.
Tetsu: I was born a failure.
Tetsu: So I'll live as I please \Nand die as I please!
Tetsu: Nobody can stop me! Yeah!
Toshi: Cut it out!
Toshi: Stop! Stop the car!
Tetsu: Whatcha looking at?!
Tetsu: Got a problem?!
Tetsu: I got news for you!
Tetsu: Imma cop! You'a flop!
Tetsu: Into the slammer you drop!
Tetsu: Yeah!
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
GINTOKI: What was that?
Toshi: You don't want to mess with him!
Toshi: He ain't nothing like the flimsy \Nwalls you've been running into to!
Toshi: He's rotten to the core!
Tetsu: Imma cop! You'a flop!
Tetsu: Into the slammer you drop!
GINTOKI: What did you say after that?
Tetsu: Yeah!
GINTOKI: Huh? Yes?
Tetsu: I said yeah!
GINTOKI: I can't hear a thing over this racket.
Tetsu: No!
Tetsu: Fuck!
GINTOKI: Eh? Did you say fuck?!
GINTOKI: Don't call me a Fashion Leader!
Toshi: Nobody has any idea what \Nyou're talking about!
Toshi: Nobody said anything about fashion!
Toshi: Hey! Stop messing around \Nin the middle of the street!
Tetsu: Shut up!
Tetsu: I'm gonna make fuckin' Curly here pay!
GINTOKI: Don't make fun of my curls!
GINTOKI: Though I can understand \Nwhy you're jealous.
Tetsu: I challenge you to a dissin' rap battle.
Tetsu: I'll embarrass you so you can never \Nshow your face in this town again!
Toshi: Why are they dancing in \Nthe middle of the street?
Tetsu: Shimane? Akabane? \NShirogane? Kingdom come?
Toshi: Why are you joining in?!
Toshi: You're gonna punch him?!
Toshi: Is that how this battle works?!
GINTOKI: Chris? Fifi? Mori? Kawai?
Toshi: Who are you trying to diss?!
Toshi: Is this a not-so-subtle jab \Nat their horsey faces?!
Toshi: You had his underwear?!
Tetsu: Effin'!
Toshi: Why are you celebrating?!
Toshi: Aren't you supposed to be friends?!
Toshi: A total stranger has joined in!
Toshi: To who? You're all losers in my mind.
Tetsu: Will you do another collaboration \Nwith me one day?
GINTOKI: Huh? What? What was that?
Tetsu: B
Tetsu: Bro!
Toshi: What?
Toshi: You guys are...
Isabu: Were we not needed?
Isabu: Forgive me.
Isabu: for I am a fan of the Shinsengumi.
Toshi: That uniform...
Toshi: You guys are...
Toshi: The Mimawarigumi...
Isabu: Our uniform was based off of yours.
Isabu: You can see that I am a rabid fan.
Isabu: I've added my number to your \Naddress book under Sabu-chan.
Isabu: Feel free to message me when you want.
Toshi: My phone!
Isabu: I'll add you as Toshi-chan.
Toshi: B-Bastard!
Isabu: Please don't get the wrong idea.
Isabu: Your organization is \Na miracle in itself.
Isabu: Penniless beggars with no \Npedigree or training to speak of
Isabu: banded together to keep \NEdo safe. A touching tale.
Isabu: I thought you might be able to
Isabu: but it appears that he didn't \Nbelong with you either.
Isabu: I believe that the Shinsengumi require
Isabu: any member who breaks their \Ncode to commit seppuku.
Isabu: You don't need to fear \Nthe Sasaki family.
Isabu: Feel free to cut him \Ndown whenever you want.
Isabu: We don't need this stain on \Nthe Sasaki family's honor.
Isabu: Worry not.
Isabu: I've already deleted the mistress's son
Toshi: Sorry.
Toshi: I deleted my address too.
Toshi: Along with the address of \Nmy excellent pupil here.
Tetsu: Toshi...
Tetsu: could you allow me to use
Both: Huh?
Tetsu: My apologies.
Tetsu: I've been entrusted by the vice \Nchief with an urgent mission.
Tetsu: Huh? Did he want menthols?
Tetsu: I can't let the vice \Nchief become impotent!
Tetsu: I can't let the vice chief become \Nan impotent cancer-ridden murderer!
Tetsu: Damn! What do I do?!
Tetsu: I know!
Tetsu: But wait! This is bad for kids!
Toshi: Just buy my damn cigarettes!
Toshi: And I didn't ask for \NMayoston or menthols.
Toshi: Why are you standing around? \NI'll make you commit seppuku.
Toshi: Are you asleep?
Toshi: He's my new assistant.
Tetsu: Tetsunosuke Sasaki!
Tetsu: I apologize.
Tetsu: I've said goodbye to my \Nold self and started anew!
Tetsu: I've given up on being a bad boy.
Tetsu: I'm moving forward from B to C.
Tetsu: I have matured into a cherry boy!
Tetsu: What? I'm trying to be sincere here.
Band: Are you hard?
Tetsu: I'm not hard!
Tetsu: Are you hard?!
Cat: Then stand up straight.
Tetsu: You go first!
Band: Stop trying to buy time.
Toshi: Out of the way.
Tetsu: I'm not hard!
Kondo: I see. Toshi did it again.
Kondo: He's a real troublemaker.
Kondo: Hey! What are you doing?!
Kondo: Run!
Tetsu: You don't understand.
Tetsu: he'll crush me and all \Nof you in the process.
Tetsu: You should have listened to him
Tetsu: I'm sure you're all sick of me.
Tetsu: You wish I would go away.
Tetsu: I know how you feel.
Tetsu: ever since my mother died and
Tetsu: I've gotten used to it.
Kondo: You ever heard the name Thorny?
Kondo: It's for nasty kids that prick \Nyou if you get too close.
Kondo: That's what we called the \Nbad boys where I come from.
Kondo: Including him.
Kondo: He was bad enough to make \Nyou guys look like babies.
Kondo: He spent every day fighting \Nthugs from the local dojos.
Kondo: A foolish boy who chose to live \Ninside the thorny thicket.
Kondo: That Thorny boy must be \Npossessed by a devil.
Kondo: That's what they all used to say.
Kondo: But it wasn't like that.
Kondo: He was no different from you.
Kondo: That was the only place \Nhe had to belong.
Kondo: Toshi was also the son of a mistress.
Kondo: His father was a rich \Nfarmer where we came from.
Kondo: Toshi was the secret son who \Ndidn't pop until his father died.
Kondo: Tamegoro took him in \Nand looked after him.
Kondo: Toshi was very fond of him.
Kondo: But it didn't end well.
Kondo: Some brigands used this chance to break
Kondo: but Tamegoro protected \Nhim and lost his eyes.
Kondo: and the dried eyeballs on the \Nfloor stared at him in silence.
Kondo: That was when they started \Ncalling him Thorny.
Kondo: And he could no longer be \Nwith his beloved brother.
Kondo: He defended you because \Nhe knows how you feel.
Kondo: Having to endure the \Nhate of your family.
Kondo: Being indebted to your brother.
Kondo: Not having a place to belong.
Kondo: Being an outsider.
Kondo: he never stopped moving forward.
Toshi: Stronger! Become stronger!
Toshi: Stronger than everyone else!
Kondo: He couldn't get over the fact that
Kondo: We're all outsiders and failures here.
Kondo: But we never gave up on \Nbecoming respectable men
Kondo: That's how men find a place to belong.
Yama: {\an8}Stop hogging the ball!
Kondo: leaving a trail.
Yama: {\a6}I'm here.
Kondo: I can't tell you what to do now \Nthat your family doesn't want you.
Kondo: You have to choose your own path.
Kondo: you can never stop moving.
Kondo: Never stop walking through the thorns.
GINTOKI: Don't make it sound so bad.
Isabu: We are willing to compensate you for
Isabu: so please indicate your desired amount
Isabu: I don't want you pestering us later.
GINTOKI: Back of the flyer?!
GINTOKI: You think that's enough to \Nsoothe the wounds to my heart?!
GINTOKI: Mind if I use toilet paper?
GINTOKI: I need more room to work with.
Okita: They'll just flush it down the toilet.
Okita: Please carry on.
GINTOKI: Hey! What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: That's bullshit! How did \NI get dragged into this?!
Isabu: Though I'm willing to pay extra.
Isabu: We'll dispose of our own trash.
GINTOKI: Let this guy handle it!
Okita: You realize that you're supposed \Nto separate your trash?
Okita: Your non-combustible garbage
Okita: turned out to be pretty burnable.
Okita: It started a fire that's making \Nus sweat in the middle of winter.
Isabu: Rotten trash can never be restored.
Isabu: You should dispose of it before the
GINTOKI: I'm not going with you!
GINTOKI: Give me back my ten million!
GINTOKI: Huh? How many zeros were there?
Isabu: Are you really so desperate for money?
GINTOKI: Hell yeah!
Isabu: Then I have a job offer for you.
Toshi: Give me three thousand \Nswings before dinner.
Tetsu: V-Vice Chief...
Tetsu: I-I will become stronger.
Tetsu: I'll never stop in my tracks again.
Tetsu: I'm gonna catch up to everyone else.
Tetsu: Walk the same path...
Tetsu: S-So you can also become stronger!
Tetsu: Your brother doesn't hate you.
Tetsu: I'm sure that he misses you!
Tetsu: Your brother did everything \Nhe could to protect you!
Tetsu: The two of you are true brothers!
Tetsu: I envy you.
Tetsu: So please don't run \Naway from your brother!
Tetsu: Aren't you known as Thorny Toshi?!
Toshi: Listen up.
Toshi: and I'll kill you by cramming \Nmayonnaise in every orifice.
Tetsu: Excuse me!
Tetsu: Vice Chief!
Tetsu: I bought you a yakisoba sandwich!
Toshi: No thanks!
Toshi: And I didn't even ask for a sandwich!
Toshi: No thanks.
Toshi: No thanks.
Toshi: Just cut it out already!
Toshi: I said to go away!
Toshi: Just do as you're told.
Toshi: Don't be a pain in the ass.
Tetsu: I'm so sorry!
Tetsu: I wanted to make myself useful!
Toshi: I can't get any work done \Nif you keep bugging me.
Toshi: Forget it.
Toshi: Go deliver this for me.
Toshi: And take your time.
Toshi: You're going to become stronger than me?
Toshi: Then show me what you're made of.
Tetsu: I promise to deliver!
GINTOKI: Huh? Oh.
Isabu: Good work.
Isabu: How is everything going?
Isabu: Drop me a message every now and then.
GINTOKI: What? You want me to go undercover?
Isabu: I need you to infiltrate them \Nand provide us with information.
GINTOKI: Which organization are you talking about?
GINTOKI: I'd be up for infiltrating AKB.
GINTOKI: I'll investigate their BWHs.
GINTOKI: That's some Heavy Low Tension.
Isabu: they would immediately \Nnotice our eliteness.
GINTOKI: Don't you ever get sick of saying elite?
Isabu: Do you ever get sick of saying
GINTOKI: That metaphor wasn't very elite.
Isabu: center stage with JOY and
GINTOKI: That wouldn't make me happy.
GINTOKI: I'd be arrested on the spot.
Isabu: Our target is the Check It Out gang.
Isabu: They used to be a bunch of thug
Isabu: they transformed into a \Ngroup of radical rebels.
Isabu: The gang is now using violence.
Isabu: We have reports that they are planning
Isabu: Your mission is to make contact
Isabu: as well as locate their \Nbase of operations.
Isabu: I promise that you will place \Nfirst in the next poll.
GINTOKI: Good thing I didn't bring \NShinpachi and Kagura.
GINTOKI: but that cop better take responsibility.
GINTOKI: They'll get suspicious \Nif I make a fuss now.
GINTOKI: Guess I don't have a choice.
GINTOKI: What? It's him again?
GINTOKI: He's such a pest.
GINTOKI: I don't have time to deal with him.
GINTOKI: Huh? Urgent?
GINTOKI: Did something happen?
Isabu: So yummy.
Isabu: Just kidding.
Isabu: I bought a good luck \Ncharm to keep you safe.
Isabu: P.S. I'm worried about your \Nsafety. Please send me a message.
Isabu: I made a teru teru bozu \Nso it wouldn't rain.
Isabu: P.S. What's the weather like where \Nyou are? Please send me a message.
Isabu: I'm praying for you to send me a message.
Isabu: P.S. Rabbits can die of loneliness.
GINTOKI: Friggin' pain in the ass!
GINTOKI: He really wants me to send a message!
GINTOKI: Damn cell phone addict!
GINTOKI: He's as bad as Shoko-tan!
GINTOKI: I don't have time to send you messages!
GINTOKI: And why is he so hyper when \Nhe's sending messages?
GINTOKI: He's a different person \Nwhen writing messages?
GINTOKI: I'm working here!
GINTOKI: Don't interfere!
GINTOKI: Huh?
Isabu: It's a waste of time to destroy the phone.
GINTOKI: It's a waste of time to be so prepared!
GINTOKI: Can you stop interfering already?!
Isabu: I'm not interfering.
Isabu: I'm calling to let you know \Nthat our target is almost here.
GINTOKI: Target?
Isabu: Please. Don't dawdle or he'll get away.
Tetsu: The vice chief trusted me to \Ndeliver this important letter.
Tetsu: I-I will become stronger...
Tetsu: He wrote a letter to help encourage me!
Toshi: Then show me what you're made of.
Tetsu: He was letting me know that \Nit was my turn to shine!
Tetsu: I promise to become stronger \Nthan everyone else!
Tetsu: I will catch up to you guys!
Toshi: Does he even know where to find a mailbox?
Kondo: Don't worry.
Kondo: Your message was delivered.
Kondo: Your message got to him.
Kondo: He'll be...
Kondo: Tetsu will be fine now.
Isabu: Well met. It appears we have \Na problem on our hands.
Isabu: Who would have thought \Nthat we would have to
Isabu: come out here for the \Nsake of that failure?
Toshi: Did you know about his connection \Nto the Joi patriots?
Isabu: It appears that he concealed his identity
Isabu: A fitting place to go for \Nsomeone with nowhere to belong.
Isabu: he feared that they would learn he was
Isabu: The younger brother of \Nthe Mimawarigumi chief
Isabu: and the assistant to the \NShinsengumi vice chief.
Isabu: This information would \Nbe enough to crush two
Isabu: A rather disparate trade.
Isabu: To think that fool would hold as
Isabu: much worth as the leaders of the \NShinsengumi and Mimawarigumi?
Isabu: We need not concern ourselves \Nwith the hostage.
Isabu: Wipe out the Joi.
Kondo: You're going to let your brother die?!
Isabu: Are you telling me to negotiate \Nwith the terrorists?
Isabu: This would never have \Nhappened if you had disposed
Isabu: Please get out of the way.
Isabu: You should be more worried \Nabout yourselves.
Isabu: After accepting a former \NJoi as an assistant and
Isabu: you have disgraced yourselves.
Isabu: If you also allow a son \Nof the Sasaki family
Isabu: how can you ever make amends?
Toshi: Bastard... You used him as a pawn.
Toshi: So you were trying to eliminate two thorns
Toshi: yet you're blaming it all on us.
Toshi: Gonna pat yourself on the back for getting
Isabu: You have it all wrong.
Isabu: I already said that I am a big fan.
Isabu: But there are many incompetents who do not
Isabu: You must realize that we are nothing more
Isabu: What about me?
Isabu: I understand that I am
Kondo: You can spend the rest of your \Nlife blaming other people!
Kondo: Toshi!
Okita: Go ahead and draw your sword.
Okita: I'll jam it right up your ***.
Kondo: Calm down!
Kondo: We don't have time for this!
Kondo: Toshi!
Isabu: Move out of the way.
Tetsu: I will become stronger.
Tetsu: I'm gonna catch up to everyone else.
Tetsu: Walk the same path...
Toshi: but I can't let you pass either.
Toshi: This is our battle.
Toshi: We're ready to cut our way \Nthrough the bramble to get in.
Toshi: bringing him and the \Nother Thornies with us.
Toshi: We won't let anyone through if \Nthey don't have what it takes.
Toshi: It won't be easy to get \Nthrough these thorns.
Isabu: I see.
Isabu: a small force will circle \Naround and rescue Tetsunosuke.
Isabu: But I also sent someone from our side.
Isabu: I hope she can help.
Isabu: Nobume is an elite assassin \Nfrom our killing squad.
Isabu: so I'm worried that she might
Toshi: Enough chitchat.
Toshi: I can't stand the sight of your face.
Toshi: We both have an excuse to \Neliminate the other now.
Toshi: You should be happy.
Isabu: I believe that you look like \Nanything but a cop right now.
Toshi: Right back at you.
Both: -Evil bastard.\N-Evil bastard.
Isabu: It's very simple.
Isabu: It would be idiotic for police officers
Isabu: to fight each other while the enemy watches.
Isabu: The Mimawarigumi have a responsibility to uphold.
Isabu: We will not move a single step or lift a single finger.
Isabu: My goal is not to eliminate the \NShinsengumi and my brother.
Isabu: It's to find a solution to this \Nmess in an expedient manner.
Isabu: I do not wish to waste my time or people on this farce.
Isabu: In other words...
Isabu: I simply need
Isabu: to eliminate the thorn in my side.
Toshi: That's more like it.
Toshi: you haven't forgotten your primal instincts.
Toshi: Rosy.
Isabu: You're about to learn what happens
Kondo: That woman's like a bringer of death.
Kondo: Every strike she makes is lethal.
Kondo: Was she trained as an assassin?
Yama: We don't have time to admire her technique.
Yama: the enemy will realize we're here!
Kondo: It's not that simple.
Nobu: I knew you weren't a cop.
Nobu: just like me.
Kondo: Sogo! You can't mean to
Okita: and she's not interested in the enemy either.
Okita: She wants my head.
Nobu: No.
Nobu: I want your ***.
Kondo: We'll let Sogo handle this.
Kondo: Let's go!
Okita: Will your *** or my *** get busted up first?
Okita: Fun stuff.
Isabu: Dance for me.
Isabu: He used that shot to lead me into his attack!
Isabu: In that case...
Isabu: It's over.
All: Vice Chief!
Isabu: This farce is over.
Tetsu: V-Vice Chief!
Em: What are you people doing?!
Em: Aren't you worried about what \Nmight happen to this guy?
Em: Don't you care about your brother?!
Em: Stop! Stop!
Em: Is he serious?
Em: He's going to sacrifice his brother.
Em: So this guy is a worthless hostage?
Em: W-Wait!
Em: What about this?!
Em: since this guy was trying \Nhis best to protect it!
Tetsu: That's the vice chief's...
Tetsu: Stop! That letter is...
Em: but the address is the Mimawarigumi station.
Em: This is a letter Hijikata tried to send you!
Tetsu: Impossible... The vice chief's \Nletter was for my brother?
Em: it must be important.
Em: Don't you care what happens to it?
Isabu: Oh? A letter from Hijikata-san to me?
Isabu: You've managed to pique my interest.
Em: Don't play dumb!
Em: Then I'll read it out loud \Nfor everyone to hear!
Isabu: Please do.
Em: What?!
Em: You've got balls.
Em: Then I'll read your letter!
Em: Let's see...
Em: Uh...
Em: Er...
GINTOKI: and we're airing this episode in March.
GINTOKI: So you're trying to turn back the
Sei: New Year's envelope?
Tsu: Hinowa!
Hino: I know!
Hino: Close the Yoshiwara ceiling!
Hino: Emergency alert!
Hino: Tell all the residents \Nto brace for impact!
Hino: All hands prepare for an aerial assault!
GINTOKI: What do you expect to come falling down?!
GINTOKI: Do you want me to kill you all?!
Sei: Th-That means...
GINTOKI: I came all the way out here.
GINTOKI: Just take it.
Sei: Y-Yay!
Sei: Gin-san came here to give \Nme a New Year's envelope!
Tsu: What happened? Are you dying?
Tsu: Are you going to die?
Sei: Yup!
shinpachi: Look at how happy he is.
shinpachi: See? It's not a bad idea \Nto be nice once in a while.
GINTOKI: Keep your mouth shut.
GINTOKI: Are you satisfied now?
Hino: That's right.
Hino: I also prepared a New Year's \Ngift to show my appreciation.
Hino: please take these.
Hino: Tsukuyo.
Tsu: Take whichever one you want.
Tsu: We discovered the golden rod and balls
Sei: I received this golden \Npiece as a New Year's gift!
Sei: Isn't it pretty?
Sei: Something golden?
Hino: Gin-san will probably \Ngive you a silver rod.
GINTOKI: I'll go buy some silver paint \Nthat's safe for your skin.
GINTOKI: Silver soul!
GINTOKI: What do you want me to do?
GINTOKI: They're looking for golden balls.
GINTOKI: All I got are some sagging balls.
shinpachi: That doesn't mean you should \Npaint your balls silver.
Kagura: Make them stop sagging.
GINTOKI: It doesn't work that way!
GINTOKI: This trade would be like highway robbery!
shinpachi: It's the thought that counts.
GINTOKI: Then you go give them your thought!
Kagura: Calm down. Just make them stop sagging.
GINTOKI: I said that it doesn't work that way!
Tsu: Ahem.
Tsu: I'll let you borrow this.
Tsu: Hand it to him.
Both: She's helping us!
Both: She's letting us rent a golden bar!
GINTOKI: I can't afford to borrow that!
GINTOKI: I won't be able to pay you back!
Tsu: We're only letting you borrow \Nthis temporarily anyway.
GINTOKI: I don't need it!
GINTOKI: You think I can hand that \Nover with a straight face?!
Tsu: Stop trying to act tough!
GINTOKI: Keep your voice down! He'll hear you!
Tsu: It's your fault for refusing to take it!
GINTOKI: You're talking out loud and \Ncovering up your coughing!
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: We can hear everything you're saying!
shinpachi: Seita-kun's trying to pretend \Nthat he didn't see anything!
GINTOKI: Fine.
GINTOKI: Don't look at me.
GINTOKI: Where? Where is it?
Tsu: Right here.
Tsu: The rod is right here.
GINTOKI: Rod?
GINTOKI: Rod? This is more like a ball.
Tsu: What do you think you're doing?!
Sei: G-Gin-san!
GINTOKI: And there's your New Year's envelope.
Kagura: Are you going to keep \Ncoughing up white balls?
Kagura: The last pair was half-digested.
GINTOKI: I won't be able to use that trick again.
shinpachi: You never should have been \Nable to use that trick.
GINTOKI: Let's just stop.
GINTOKI: This isn't my thing.
GINTOKI: I'm not the kind of person \Nwho hands out money.
GINTOKI: Let's just spend it on ourselves \Nand go out on the town.
GINTOKI: It's on me.
shinpachi: Don't spend our hard-earned \Nmoney on yourself!
GINTOKI: But there aren't any \Nother kids in this show.
GINTOKI: All we got are a bunch of \Nold men who act like kids.
shinpachi: Nobody ever said that you
shinpachi: You could give one to \Na younger colleague.
GINTOKI: Colleague? I don't have any of those.
Katsura: Come over here. I just \Nmet a familiar face.
Katsura: Do you remember him?
Katsura: We fought together as Joi.
Katsura: Elisugizabe...
GINTOKI: When did this monster become \Na colleague of mine?
GINTOKI: Why are you using these new signs?!
GINTOKI: And that won't destroy the world!
Katsura: How could you forget our comrade?
GINTOKI: That ain't happening! \NHe's so obviously a fake!
GINTOKI: And why are you talking like Takasugi?!
GINTOKI: Why are you acting like \Nthis happened before?!
GINTOKI: I'm not giving you anything!
Katsura: I have envelopes for \NShinpachi-kun and Leader.
Katsura: Take your pick.
Kyu: Gintoki!
GINTOKI: Hm? It's Kyubei.
GINTOKI: Why are you in such a rush?
GINTOKI: About me?
GINTOKI: That would make me a sicko!
GINTOKI: That's not even possible!
GINTOKI: It's not like I have extra balls!
Kyu: What? Impossible!
shinpachi: And what would you do with those balls?
GINTOKI: I'm not handing out anything!
GINTOKI: And what do rods have \Nto do with New Year's?!
GINTOKI: You're just being weird!
Tojo: Young lady!
Tojo: Don't do it!
Kyu: Tojo...
Tojo: Don't do it!
Tojo: You must not touch his spineless balls!
Kyu: Balls never have spines.
Tojo: That's not what I meant!
Kyu: What's the problem then?
Tojo: Everything! His dirty balls are not \Nmeant for a well-to-do lady like yourself!
GINTOKI: Eh? Did you say my balls are dirty?
GINTOKI: They're cleaner than yours!
GINTOKI: Squeaky clean!
Tojo: No! Mine are absolutely cleaner!
Tojo: Because I just visited a **** \Non the first day of the year
Tojo: and got them washed squeaky clean!
Tojo: I can prove it!
GINTOKI: I haven't even managed \Nto hand one over yet.
shinpachi: Th-That's not true.
GINTOKI: I haven't even managed \Nto hand one over yet.
shinpachi: Th-That's not true.
GINTOKI: I-I haven't even managed \Nto hand one over yet.
GINTOKI: Hey! Let's stop this!
GINTOKI: I haven't even managed \Nto hand one over yet!
shinpachi: That's not true!
Madao: Happy New Year.
GINTOKI: Where's the happy?!
GINTOKI: We're stuck in this dark place now!
shinpachi: We've been trapped!
GINTOKI: What did you do?!
shinpachi: Hey! His sunglasses are \Nactually pure darkness!
shinpachi: His eyes are completely dark now!
shinpachi: His voice is ringing inside my head!
Madao: I have New Year's envelopes for you.
Madao: You people keep taking from me.
shinpachi: We don't need anything!
shinpachi: There's nothing to take from you!
Madao: Cardboard wing.
Madao: Vinyl wing.
Madao: Rip off whichever one you want.
shinpachi: I can't do that!
Madao: Want to see what happens if you \Nrip off the cardboard wing?
Madao: I can't wait.
Madao: But the vinyl wing is also...
GINTOKI: What's going on?!
GINTOKI: Let's give him money and get out of here!
GINTOKI: Why are we even here?!
Sa: No.
Sa: You're not doing it right.
Sa: Come over here.
Sa: New Year's envelopes aren't \Nonly meant for kids.
Sa: Welcome to the adult New Year's envelope.
Sa: I'll be the envelope for your rod.
Sa: My envelope is open for you.
GINTOKI: I'll stick this ball \Nin your envelope then.
GINTOKI: Sorry about this.
GINTOKI: I guess it's harder when \Nthe money isn't my own.
GINTOKI: I'll give this back to you.
GINTOKI: It wasn't easy.
GINTOKI: I spend my money so fast
GINTOKI: that I forgot where I hid my own money.
GINTOKI: It was in my shoe.
Kagura: I see. That's why it stinks.
Kagura: Let's go party.
GINTOKI: and now you're doing the same?
shinpachi: That's because you share \Nyour soul with us everyday.
shinpachi: Money isn't meant to be held overnight.
Kagura: Right on!
GINTOKI: What are you idiots talking about?
shinpachi: Hey! Why are you two just lying around?!
Kagura: What? I can't brush my teeth after \NI'm already under a kotatsu.
shinpachi: Hey!
Sa: You have to be stronger!
GINTOKI: I can't switch it off the strong setting.
GINTOKI: Can I trade this for something kotatsu-like?
GINTOKI: Huh?
shinpachi: Good morning!
shinpachi: Huh?
shinpachi: Again?
shinpachi: They're so hopeless.
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: You're going to catch a cold if you sleep under the kotatsu!
shinpachi: Cut that out! It's a disgrace!
shinpachi: Everything is within reach of the kotatsu.
shinpachi: How lazy can you be?
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: I'm staying here because it's cold.
shinpachi: You're lazy every single day of the year!
Kagura: marry the kotatsu.
Kagura: I can't live without it.
shinpachi: The kotatsu doesn't want a bride who never moves.
Otsu: {\an8}Thank you for coming to my concert on such a busy day to show your supportapoop!
shinpachi: Could you get out of there?
shinpachi: The fridge is empty because we haven't gone shopping recently.
shinpachi: We don't have food for lunch.
Kagura: What? We don't need to go shopping.
Kagura: I've got lunch right here.
Kagura: Piping hot meat buns.
shinpachi: You're not supposed to use a kotatsu that way!
GINTOKI: but it's beyond the horizon.
Kagura: Then I'll use the toothpaste.
shinpachi: Enough already!
shinpachi: Why do you have to be so lazy on the first episode of the year?!
shinpachi: You've been like this ever since we got the new kotatsu!
shinpachi: What if the little kids follow your example?!
shinpachi: Can you pull it together?!
shinpachi: Where's the plug?
GINTOKI: There isn't one.
shinpachi: Don't lie to me!
GINTOKI: I said that there isn't one.
shinpachi: Don't play dumb!
GINTOKI: There's no need to turn it off.
GINTOKI: Because
shinpachi: S-Space...
shinpachi: This is a black hole!
Otsu: That was "Your Brother is a ****"!
Otsu: Thank you for listeningapoop!
All: Thank you!
Otsu: Does everyone love me?
All: We love you!
Otsu: Does everyone love me?
All: We love you!
Otsu: But the mothers in the PTA don't like this song very much.
GINTOKI: Cut down the racket.
shinpachi: Wait!
shinpachi: H-Hold on!
shinpachi: Wh-What is this?!
shinpachi: What's up with this kotatsu?!
shinpachi: How is there a black hole under the kotatsu?!
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: A square black hole that sucks
GINTOKI: That's what a kotatsu is.
shinpachi: I've never heard that scary explanation before!
shinpachi: That's not what I mean!
shinpachi: There's something down there!
shinpachi: I'm literally stuck now!
GINTOKI: I really like the design.
GINTOKI: Isn't it nice?
shinpachi: The design?
shinpachi: There are a bunch of creepy wards everywhere!
shinpachi: What was it she said?
shinpachi: The previous owner used this kotatsu to seal King Something-lo.
shinpachi: You only left out the "Picco"!
shinpachi: King Piccolo's in there!
GINTOKI: I think it was King Diablo.
shinpachi: That's even scarier!
shinpachi: So what does this mean?!
shinpachi: Have we been sealed inside this kotatsu?!
shinpachi: What are we going to do?!
shinpachi: We're supposed to spend
Kagura: Not just the first episode.
shinpachi: That can't last!
GINTOKI: What's wrong with being lazy for a bit?
GINTOKI: but I'm almost 40 mentally.
shinpachi: Mentally?! You're physically bald!
GINTOKI: I'm tired of working this combover every week.
GINTOKI: Can't I just not worry about my hair for once?
Kagura: I'm tired of sounding stupid.
shinpachi: That's crazy talk!
Kagura: I'm tired of living a lie!
shinpachi: Why are you bald?!
shinpachi: Wh-What are you people doing?!
shinpachi: You're supposed to be the main character and heroine in a Jump anime!
GINTOKI: Shut up. Don't be such a nag.
Kagura: We took a whole year off so there
Kagura: but now we're slacking again.
GINTOKI: When an episode in March
GINTOKI: it's clear that there's a timing issue.
GINTOKI: We had two months to produce this episode?
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: Stop it!
shinpachi: That's a really delicate issue right now!
shinpachi: You're not supposed to open that door right now!
Kagura: They didn't plan ahead properly.
Kagura: Any kid could tell you that a
Kagura: The problem is when you have people
shinpachi: Th-This is bad.
shinpachi: They're losing all their motivation to the evil kotatsu!
shinpachi: I need to get out of here before I go bald!
shinpachi: I need to call for help!
shinpachi: Somebody's here!
shinpachi: Excuse me! Help us!
shinpachi: We can't move!
shinpachi: Please come in!
shinpachi: Katsura-san!
Katsura: This is pathetic!
Katsura: You should be ashamed!
Katsura: Silence! You can make excuses later!
shinpachi: You've got it wrong!
Katsura: It's not Katsura. It's Zura.
shinpachi: He went bald instantly!
shinpachi: Hey! I told you to listen to me!
shinpachi: Why are you immediately getting under the kotatsu?!
shinpachi: And what's with that gross forehead?!
Katsura: Too cold to be engaging in Joi activities.
Katsura: and I got weird monsters pestering me.
shinpachi: Who is this old man?!
Katsura: I'm starting to think that I should have gotten a normal job.
GINTOKI: given the economy.
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: When did this turn into a reunion for old geezers?!
Katsura: Sakamoto's the only one of us who's doing well.
Katsura: Takasugi went off his rocker.
Katsura: Though his family was always rich.
Katsura: So we work our entire lives and we're still worse off than those rich people.
GINTOKI: Pretty much.
GINTOKI: So we should go back to our kotatsu and rethink life.
shinpachi: How do you go back to your kotatsu?
shinpachi: Shouldn't you be going back to your hometown instead?
Katsura: But aren't you going to settle things with Takasugi?
GINTOKI: Takasugi? Who are you talking about?
GINTOKI: I've forgotten who he is since he never shows up.
GINTOKI: I'll just write some bad stuff about him on an online forum
shinpachi: How does that settle anything?!
Katsura: Do you have anything in mind?
GINTOKI: Hell no.
GINTOKI: What about you?
Katsura: What actually happened in our past?
GINTOKI: No kidding.
shinpachi: Shut up! Just shut up!
shinpachi: You're not supposed to say that stuff!
shinpachi: It's over!
shinpachi: This anime is falling apart!
shinpachi: Someone save us!
Kyu: Did something happen?
shinpachi: Sis! Kyubei-san!
shinpachi: What?! It's balding hell in here!
shinpachi: It'll take away all your motivation
Otae: You should have told me sooner!
shinpachi: Huh? Who is that?
shinpachi: Where did that old man come from?
Otae: I'm sick of this.
Otae: Why do I only get brief appearances?
Otae: What do you take me for?!
shinpachi: Sis?!
shinpachi: You've already mastered that style?!
shinpachi: You're more like an old man than a real old man!
shinpachi: And why won't any of you listen to me?!
Kyu: T-Tae-chan!
shinpachi: Kyubei-san! You're the only one who can help us!
shinpachi: Please do something!
Kyu: Man and woman. We can finally be together
shinpachi: How?! You're both old men now!
Kyu: I screwed up!
Otae: Forget about men and women and just relax.
shinpachi: You're nothing more than an old man now!
Kyu: A kotatsu is a mysterious thing.
Kyu: it doesn't matter if I'm a man or a woman.
shinpachi: I just said that you're an old man!
Otae: I don't think I care about reviving the dojo anymore.
shinpachi: The kotatsu has nothing to do with our dojo!
Otae: On the dojo and on my brother.
shinpachi: Why do you look so happy as you slander me?!
shinpachi: I'm not her kid!
Kagura: but he just stands around while his sister works at a cabaret club.
shinpachi: Could you stop badmouthing me?
GINTOKI: I've heard that he spends his time fooling
GINTOKI: He's like a cancer.
shinpachi: Aren't you my boss?!
GINTOKI: Why would you want to learn about samurai?
GINTOKI: That's so general.
GINTOKI: It's like a person who says he wants to be a musician
GINTOKI: and performs on the street instead of auditioning.
shinpachi: What's wrong with performing on the street?!
Kagura: You'd be better off just sitting under a kotatsu.
Otae: That's right. Just kick back and relax.
shinpachi: It's no use! The situation's only getting worse!
shinpachi: Isn't there a savior out there to help?!
Kondo: You aren't the only ones relaxing.
shinpachi: You were down there?!
shinpachi: You two can't help! You need help!
shinpachi: These are the characters who are always failing!
Sa: I'm getting tired of being a stalker.
Kondo: It's time for us to graduate.
shinpachi: Did you forget that you just popped out from under the kotatsu?!
Sa: I've worked so hard to win his love.
Sa: I did everything humanly possible.
Sa: But I've finally noticed that there's
shinpachi: Nobody's waiting for you.
Kondo: Then the tables are turned.
Kondo: We've always been on the pursuing side.
Kondo: It feels weird to be pursued.
shinpachi: Nobody's after you!
shinpachi: And why are two bald people engaging in girl talk?
shinpachi: You've always got the cops on your tail!
Katsura: Then let's forget everything and relax.
shinpachi: Why are you acting like you're not a criminal?!
Kondo: That's right. We are no longer Shinsengumi and Joi.
Both: we're lazy bums.
shinpachi: That's not touching at all!
shinpachi: You're both just failing at life!
shinpachi: Why are you bald before you even got under the kotatsu?!
shinpachi: You didn't have any motivation to begin with!
shinpachi: And what do you mean he's late?
shinpachi: Is there some way for lazy people to communicate with each other?!
shinpachi: What the hell is this?!
shinpachi: Why do you have to act like this in the first episode of the new year?!
shinpachi: This is an anime.
shinpachi: You're supposed to move.
shinpachi: I'll kill you.
All: We can't relax.
shinpachi: No shit!
GINTOKI: Leave!
GINTOKI: You're taking up all the space so I can't even turn over!
GINTOKI: I bought this kotatsu so I could relax!
GINTOKI: Why are you people trying to relax in someone else's home?!
Madao: You always get to relax!
Madao: Why don't you leave?!
Sa: Excuse me! This is Gin-san's home!
Sa: Outsiders should scram!
Kagura: You're also an outsider!
Kondo: How about we get rid of this dog first?!
Otae: We should kick the gorilla out first!
Katsura: You didn't pay anything either!
Kyu: I can't even get out of here!
Kyu: What's wrong with this kotatsu?!
Katsura: Oh! Stop pushing!
GINTOKI: Outta the way! I wanna relax!
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What were we doing?
shinpachi: I'm too lazy to say anything.
All: Sorry.
sign: Arrgh!
sign: [right]\NHaving been broadcast fro 4 weeks\N[left]\N New Programme Kintama still ended without incident!?
sign: [right]\NIf ever we feel inclined again\N[left]\Nperhaps we may continue ...
sign: Sweetness Inn
sign: Happy Birthday
TL Note:  taiyaki - fish-shaped pancake filled with bean jam {This is on the orange and yellow banner}
TL Note:  Sazae-san
sign: Yagyuu Kyuubei Birthday Festival
TL Note: Oguri Shunnosuke = spoof of real-life Japanese Actor Oguri Shun
TL Note: Tamori
sign: Seafood  freshwater prawn and oyster wrapped and sauteed on ferro-burner in Provence style
sign: add in the thicken sauce
sign: All at once "Oui
sign: Title is spoof of SAINT SEIYA
sign: Matsukaze Hybrid{original: ??? Shoufuu or Matsu kaze Hybrid [Kanji reads Matsukaze]}
sign: Preview
sign: Here you go
Stall owner: It sure is. Looks like it might snow soon.
Stall owner: People keep talking about global warming and whatnot
Stall owner: but only the earth's surface is getting warmer.
Stall owner: Why don't use have some of this to warm yourself up
Stall owner: Sweet?
G: Sorry to be a pain
G: Is that alright? Can you do that?
G: That's who I am.
G: Didn't somebody once say
Stall owner: Even your hair has turned white. What happened to you?
G: It's always been like this.
Stall owner: If you have something to get off your chest
Stall owner: Men stick to their pride.
Stall owner: Whether it's at work or at home
Stall owner: Sometimes you need to vent your problems to a complete stranger
Stall owner: Places like this are necessities for men.
G: I don't really have anything that's bothering me...
G: Besides
Stall owner: Don't worry about it
Stall owner: Nobody gets to see what the customers look like.
G: Oh
Stall owner: Yep.
Stall owner: This time around
Stall owner: You can say anything you want.
G: Oh
Stall owner: I might as well explain the rules while you're here.
Stall owner: If you meet a familiar face
Stall owner: First
Stall owner: Second
Stall owner: Fourth
Stall owner: My shop is precisely the place for customers to share their concerns without a care in the world.
Stall owner: Go on
Stall owner: Complain to your heart's content.
Stall owner: Get rid of all those worries.
Stall owner: Tomorrow is a brand new day.
Stall owner: Here
H: 'Sup.
Stall owner: Welcome.
Stall owner: Sorry
H: Ah
G: Not at all
H: Whew
G: It's cold
G: It wasn't like this yesterday.
H: No kidding.
H: It's definitely going to snow this year.
Stall owner: Huh? What's wrong
Stall owner: Don't tell me...
G: No
Stall owner: Alright.
H: And the usual.
G: Uh
H: No.
G: But didn't you say 'the usual' a minute ago?
G: Doesn't that mean you have a lot of complaints?
Stall owner: You've been here about 50 times.
H: Hold on
G: Eh? You're here to complain again?
H: No
Stall owner: Is it that gorilla superior again?
H: Pops
G: That sounds rough. No wonder you complain so often.
H: No
H: Although he's a gorilla
H: Dammit old man! DIE! Eat shit and die!
Stall owner: Get a load of this
Stall owner: This mayonnaise samurai's superior...
Stall owner: He gets caught up with some woman.
Stall owner: Then this guy has to clean up after him every time.
G: I see
H: N-No
H: When I say
H: If I really wanted him to die
H: Pops
H: Look until you can see through it.
G: It's alright
H: You really understand?
K: Heeey Pops! I'm back again! Hahahaha!{I debate whether we need to sub laughter}
Stall owner: Ah
K: Thaz 'cos it's cooold today.
K: I only drangk sum to warm myself up.
K: But now
K: Oh? Iz crowded here at the Complainz Hud today
K: Good times! Hahaha!
Stall owner: Eh? What's wrong
Stall owner: Mayosamurai-san
Stall owner: Gori-san's a big guy
Stall owner: We've got ourselves a full house now!
Stall owner: We were just talking about Mayosamurai's problems.
H: No No
H: We've already talked about that enough
K: Eh? What? What were you guys talking about?
Stall owner: It's like this
H: WHOA! Is that a UFO?!
K: What's so strange about a UFO? They're all over the place here.
H: LOOK! That's definitely a UFO!
H: Oi
K: Eh
K: He sounds terrible... uh
K: And what a coincidence
Stall owner: Eh? Gori-san? Are you crying?
K: Eh?! N-No I'b nod c-crying...
K: I'b juz g-god some sand in m-my eyez.
K: Or m-maybe iz h-hay feber.
H: Uh... I'd better get going.
Stall owner: Eh?
H: I think I've had too much to drink
Stall owner: Wait a minute
Stall owner: You should at least listen to Gori-san's story.
Stall owner: Both of them may be gorillas
K: No no no
K: You don't have to tell them my story
Stall owner: So this Gori-san is seeing a lady working in a cabaret right now.
K: Ah
Stall owner: And he's been protecting this lady this whole time
G: Wow
Stall owner: He's a good guy
G: They sure don't
G: I wouldn't even call him a bodyguard.
Stall owner: But this girl...
Stall owner: Even though this Gori-san has done so much for her
Stall owner: she won't even give him a chance.
K: AHH! Isn't that Umezu Kazuo?!
K: LOOK!! That's definitely Umezu Kazuo! Why don't we all go gwash a for a second?
Stall owner: Doesn't this girl have any shame? She's not even worth Gori-san's time.{I'm kind of iffy on this whole section.  Did Kondou tell the story like she was leading him on?}
Stall owner: I've asked Gori-san to give up on her so many times
Stall owner: but this guy is simply too nice.
Stall owner: Huh? Is the shop closed today?
Stall owner: Ah
Stall owner: The girl that you've all been waiting for is here.
K: Ahaha
Stall owner: Gori-san
Stall owner: Pony-chan is a nice girl.
Stall owner: Huh? What's wrong with everybody?
Stall owner: Did all your hit points go to zero?
Stall owner: Gori-san... Huh?
Stall owner: Gori-san
Stall owner: Huh? It looks like there's something growing out of his back.
Stall owner: An onion growing out of his back?
H: Gori-san!
Stall owner: Good god! It's
H: I've never heard of a phantom killer that uses onions to stab people!
G: It must be the work of an unbelievably powerful monster.
G: Is he a materialization user?{no clue what this is a reference to
Stall owner: Looks like I'd better close up shop early.
H: Pops
H: I'll be back later.
G: Oi! Wait! Don't leave me alone with her!
G: Don't leave me alone with this crazy monster!
G: Damn
Stall owner: What's this? Pony-chan
Stall owner: You prefer his type to Gori-san's?
Stall owner: Ah
G: Oh
G: No
G: I was just out for a walk and came across this place.
G: It really is weird to come across a place like this.
Stall owner: She's been here about this much.
Stall owner: She's been coming here continuously for about five years now.
G: What the hell! Just how many grievances do you have?
G: How many times have you complained?!
Stall owner: Her late father used to come here all the time to complain.
Stall owner: The first time was when she accompanied your father when she was still a child
G: This place certainly lives up to its name.
G: The complaints specialist.
Stall owner: She's had a hard life.
Stall owner: Ever since both her parents died
Stall owner: The problem is that brother of hers.
Stall owner: All of her recent complaints are about her brother.
G: Oh
G: I can imagine what he looks like. He probably wears glasses
Stall owner: It seems that he's been hanging out with some strange people.
Stall owner: Pony-chan
Stall owner: Oh yeah
Stall owner: Ever since he started working at Chin-samu's place
Stall owner: His room is full of wadded balls of tissues.
Stall owner: He wakes up really early and secretly washes underwear.
Stall owner: He wasn't like that before.
G: That has nothing to do with this Chin-samu
G: That's just the laws of nature taking taking their course.
G: He may have no money
G: Doesn't that speak volumes of his love for your brother?
G: Definitely more that you know.
G: 100% more that you know.
Stall owner: Ah
Stall owner: Actually
G: W-What? What plan?
G: That sounds terrifying...
Stall owner: It seems he's a highly-skilled swordsman.
Stall owner: So it has to be done when his guard is down
G: Oi! What the hell are you guys planning to do?!
G: What are you going to do to Chin-samu?!
G: She's going to buy the murder weapon!
G: I knew it was her!
G: Chin-samu's going to have onion growing out of his ass!
G: Pops
G: Here's for the drinks.
G: What is it now?
Stall owner: There's something I need to tell you.
Stall owner: I've listened to people's complaints for a long time now.
Stall owner: I've heard tens of thousands of complaints.
Stall owner: But why do you think I still listen to them after all these years?
Stall owner: Because hidden behind every complaint is love.
Stall owner: I work hard, pay my dues, so why am I so down on my luck?
Stall owner: They're all in the same boat.
Stall owner: All those so-called complaints are about feelings of unrequited love.
Stall owner: But in reality
Stall owner: Do you get what I'm saying now
Stall owner: Or should I say... Kinkasu-samurai.
Stall owner: I'm leaving Pony-chan in your hands.
G: Oh
G: Feel like having a drink?
G: Huh?
G: I don't mind.
G: I already know what it really means when someone's complaining.
K: WAIT! I won't allow you to touch Pony-chan's hand!
H: Gori-san
H: You still have an onion stuck in your back!
G: Who are those people?
Otae: It was only a joke.
Otae: I'll keep it a secret from Santa.
Shinpachi: This is annoying!
Shinpachi: Stop pretending to be all American!
Shipnachi: Go to sleep and wait for Santa!
Madao: You can't blame her!
Madao: Since Mommy's meat pie\Nis the best in Texas!
Shinpachi: We're in Texas?!
Madao: I'd love to let Santa try some!
Shinpachi: Her daddy's annoying too!
Shinpachi: The whole family's being\Nwitty and annoying!
Kagura: There's a cockroach eating\Nyour meat pie!
Otae: Oh no!
Shinpachi: He's a cockroach?!
Shinpachi: What sort of witty cockroach is this?!
Shinpachi: Wasn't he supposed to be the father?!
Otae: Must be the head of all\Nthose cockroaches!
Shinpachi: The cockroach daddy?!
Shinpachi: Why is he even here then?!
Shinpachi: Where's the real daddy then?!
Otae: Let us offer this pie to Daddy.
Shinpachi: Why is there a Buddhist altar in Texas?
Kagura: Daddy loved his meat pies!
Kagura: I'm sure he'll appreciate this!
Shinpachi: How could he?!
Shinpachi: It's a cockroach pie now!
Kagura: My daddy was a hero in Petnam.
Shinpachi: That was just a pie-throwing contest!
Shinpachi: How was he killed in action?!
Shinpachi: What kind of hero was your daddy?!
Shinpachi: Another pie?!
Shinpachi: Isn't that enough?!
Kagura: This will be the fifth Christmas since.
Kagura: I still haven't gotten my chance\Nto eat that meat pie.
Shinpachi: Of course you can't!
Shinpachi: It's all looking like the Sea of\NCorruption from "Nausicaa"!
Kagura: I knew the truth all along.
Kagura: I can no longer have what I want.
Shinpachi: What the hell do you want here?!
Shinpachi: What present is Santa supposed\Nto bring you?!
Otae: Oh my god!
Otae: How awful!
Kagura: The worst possible morning.
Otae: {\an7}Jesus Christ!
Kagura: The worst possible Christmas.
Otae: {\an7}Goddamn it!
Otae: {\an7}I don't believe it!
Kagura: Like a curse had been lifted from her.
Kagura: Like her father had given\Nher a push to move on.
Kagura: God must have eaten the pie for her.
Kagura: The girl chuckled as she pictured\NGod getting an upset stomach.
Kagura: But it hadn't been eaten\Nby God or even a thief.
Kagura: Santa Claus?
Shinpachi: The hell?!
Shinpachi: How is that a present?!
Kondo: You don't understand the agony I endured\Nto release her from her suffering?
Kondo: That was me leaving a calling\Ncard like in Cat's Eye.
Kondo: [Note: From the manga series "Cat's Eye."]
Shinpachi: We don't want a cat's crap!
Kondo: What's the judge's opinion?!
Kondo: 6 points!
Kondo: 30 points!
Kondo: Death?!
Kagura: The lead heroine performed admirably.
Kagura: I'm interested in seeing\Nher perform more.
Shinpachi: That was you!
Shinpachi: Why did you give him a 30?
Shinpachi: Is that some kind of warning?!
Shinpachi: Who needs thirty old men!
Kagura: We'll need you to stand by again.
Shinpachi: Say...
Shinpachi: Can I get a better role this time?
Kagura: Would you like a pachi?
Kagura: Would you like a pachi?
Kagura: I'm just a common little pachi girl\Nthat you could find in any city.
Shinpachi: The hell is a little pachi girl?!
Kagura: Today is Christmas Eve.
Kagura: I have to in order to stay alive.
Shinpachi: Could you explain what\Nyou mean by a pachi?!
Kagura: Would you like a pachi?
Otae: No thanks.
Kagura: Would you like a pachi?
Otae: That stuff is worthless.
Shinpachi: This is kinda depressing!
Shinpachi: Not to mention Sis is\Nplaying every other part!
Kagura: I won't be able to go home now.
Madao: I said that I won't let you in until\Nyou've sold all those pachi!
Madao: Go make me more beer money!
Madao: Useless girl!
Shinpachi: You won't be able to go home then.
Kagura: No more...
Kagura: I don't want to go back to\Na roach-infested house!
Shinpachi: Again?!
Kagura: It's cold...
Kagura: but my body would no longer move.
Kagura: but I'm sure that God will\Nforgive me this one sin.
Shinpachi: Huh? You use pachi to\Nkeep yourself warm?
Shinpachi: What do I do?
Shinpachi: A pachi is just a punching bag?!
Kagura: I felt warmer after using a pachi.
Shinpachi: Only because you're moving your body!
Kagura: My body and soul feel\Nall warm and fuzzy.
Shinpachi: How can you feel warm and fuzzy when you're\Ndoing something so cold-blooded?!
Kagura: And then something odd happened.
Kagura: It may have been a hallucination.
Kagura: But I was so happy that\NI kept using pachi.
Kagura: More phantoms appeared.
Shinpachi: Half of those are the same thing!
Shinpachi: I'll die!
Shinpachi: Santa!
Shinpachi: Save the pachi at least!
Kyu: Those are capable of making\Nanything appear?
Shinpachi: Huh?!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Kagura: and the corpses of two burnt out\Nboxers with smiles on their face.
Shinpachi: Why did Santa join in?!
Shinpachi: Nobody was saved here!
Kyu: Since we were able to see our\Nwishes granted in the end.
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: How could I possibly hurl up Sis?!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: When did this turn into Star Search?!
Otae: I was impressed by her ability to play both\Nmajor characters and minor roles.
Otae: We would love to hire\Nthe girl with a ponytail.
Shinpachi: These people aren't even\Nwatching Santa!
Shinpachi: They're only watching themselves!
Shinpachi: And you!
Shinpachi: I said that the highest\Npossible score is a 10!
Madao: [Note: Reference to the Japanese\Nshow "QUIZ Derby"]
Shinpachi: Is that even a warning?!
Shinpachi: Does that ever happen?!
Sa: I'll go next.
Sa: You'll see that I'm on an entirely different\Nlevel from the rest of you.
Sa: But I have a request to make.
Kagura: What's that?
Sa: I won't be delivering a present to you.
Sa: Do you mind if I deliver a present\Nto the boy in the glasses?
Shinpachi: Huh?
Kagura: I don't really mind.
Shinpachi: It's fine with me...
Sa: Then please do.
Sa: Let's get started!
Shinpachi: The world had shifted to\Nthe Christmas season.
Shinpachi: The people walking around town\Nwere all in a festive mood.
Shinpachi: but nothing ever happened.
Shinpachi: ...Or so I thought.
Sa: Sa-chan!
Shinpachi: This feels like a romantic\Ncomedy I've seen before!
Sa: I am a spectacled ninja Santa robot.
Sa: Sa-chan for short.
Sa: I've come from the future to grant the\Nfantasies of a helpless cherry boy.
Sa: What do you want to do?
Sa: Want me to whip you?
Sa: Or smack me?
Sa: Or do you want to smack me thinking\Nyou're being forced to hit...
Otae: I want to smack you hard!
Otae: I knew something was up when you\Nasked for a switch to Shin-chan.
Otae: Don't teach my little brother\Nyour dirty ways!
Sa: The skank who takes advantage of\Nyour shared living arrangements
Sa: to run into each other in the\Nbathroom and the like.
Otae: The hell I would!
Otae: We're siblings by blood!
Otae: You can go hit on the\Nidiot with silver hair!
Sa: I'm sucking it up and doing this so I can\Ngo hit on the idiot with silver hair!
Sa: I'm smacking this young ass so I can\Nbecome Santa and have my way!
Otae: The hell are you doing?!
Sa: What is this?
Otae: What were you doing in your room?
Shinpachi: Don't make it sound like I'm\Ndoing something bad here!
Shinpachi: I know noth...
Kagura: A tale of three cockroaches.
Shinpachi: We just got thrown into\Nthat category by force!
Kagura: My name is Kagura.
Kagura: A high school girl in the spring of youth.
Kagura: but that doesn't matter to me!
Kagura: I'm an energetic girl who's\Nonly interested in eating!
Shinpachi: She took back control!\NShe's moving on with her story!
GINTOKI: That hurt.
GINTOKI: Watch where you're going.
Kagura: Yes...
Kagura: After meeting him...
Shinpachi: She somehow dragged\Nthe old guys into this!
GINTOKI: but that doesn't necessarily\Nmake you Santa.
Umi: It's about spirit.
Umi: The soul of a Santa that\Nhelps children dream.
GINTOKI: So his idea is to interject himself into a performance\Nso he can deliver his present in a dramatic fashion...
GINTOKI: He really is the real Santa.
Umi: He easily over came this hurdle.
Kagura: I don't believe this!
Kagura: You run into a lady and\Ndon't even apologize?!
Kagura: Which one of you ran into me?!
GINTOKI: Lady? Where's this lady you speak of?
Umi: I don't recall transferring to a countryside\Nschool with horses.
GINTOKI: All I see is an uppity filly.
Umi: This some kind of stable for fillies?
Kagura: You were talking at the same time\Nso I have no idea what you said.
GINTOKI: Could you shut up for a second?
Umi: Could you keep quiet for a moment?
Umi: {\a6}The filly belongs to everyone.\NShe isn't yours.
Umi: Is he using the same "the new transfer\Nstudent in Santa" plan as I am?
GINTOKI: I said that I ran into her!
Umi: Me!
GINTOKI: It was me!
Umi: What?!
GINTOKI: Not good!
GINTOKI: At this rate...
Teach: I would like to introduce the\Nnew transfer student.
GINTOKI: I'm Santa. Nice to meet...
Kagura: Ah!
Kagura: You're the guy from earlier!
GINTOKI: That event won't happen!
Shinpachi: What's with the parade of cliches?!
GINTOKI: I'm the only transfer student they need!
Umi: Don't give me that crap!
Umi: I'm the transfer student!
GINTOKI: I'm Gin-Santa.
Umi: I'm Ol'Santa.
GINTOKI: Oh well.
GINTOKI: At least I wasn't late...
Kondo: I'm Kondo-Santa.
Kyu: I'm Kyu-chanta.
Sa: I'm Sa-chan.
Madao: Everybody get along.
Shinpachi: How many transfer students are there?!
Shinpachi: And one of them is completely sticky!
Sa: Pleasure.
Shinpachi: This classmate is also sticky!
Shinpachi: What's wrong with Class 3-G?!
GINTOKI: Bastards...
GINTOKI: They still haven't given\Nup on being Santa?
GINTOKI: But it's too late!
Umi: I've already met Kagura once.
Umi: We're already tied together by destiny.
Umi: Young girls are suckers for destiny.
Kagura: Oh! It's you!
Umi: See?
Shinpachi: Him?!
Kagura: He's been bugging me\Nsince I was in Texas.
Kagura: Such a drag...
Shinpachi: Texas?!
Shinpachi: These stories are tied together?!
Shinpachi: Didn't you die once?!
Otae: What a tough cockroach.
Umi: What is this?
Umi: I'm losing to a cockroach?
Umi: The cockroach is the one that's\Nbeing reunited by destiny?
Otae: He may have been watching\Nover you this entire time.
Kagura: That's just ridiculous.
Kagura: He couldn't have been protecting me.
Kagura: and I would hit him with my slipper.
Shinpachi: Where is this going?
Kagura: But he would always show up on\Nthe nights when I felt lonely.
Kagura: Those Christmas nights when I was sad.
Kagura: He may have come to keep\Nme from being alone...
Madao: {\a6}Listen up.
Shinpachi: Why is a cockroach teaching class?!
Kagura: And after school...
Madao: Stay away from roach motels.
Shinpachi: The hell is Mr. Cockroach\Nsupposed to mean?!
Shinpachi: I can't tell if that's a slander like Porky\NGorilla or a term of endearment!
Shinpachi: [Note: Butagorilla (Porky Gorilla) is a character\Nfrom the manga "Kiteretsu Daihyakka"]
Kagura: My chest hurts...
Kagura: So tight...
Kagura: I'm about to throw up...
Shinpachi: Many people throw up after\Nseeing a cockroach!
Kagura: This is...love!
Shinpachi: The hell are you talking about?!
Kagura: Student and cockroach...
Kagura: I knew this love would never work.
Kagura: But I wanted to tell him my feelings.
Kagura: Tell the cockroach how I feel...
GINTOKI: Not really.
Umi: Watch Santa Akashiya and go to sleep.
Umi: [Note: Japanese talk show that\Nairs at the end of year.]
Shinpachi: The Santas have lost interest!
Shinpachi: A Santa watching Santa Akashiya?!
Kondo: I'm spending Christmas\NEve with Otae-san.
Kyu: What a coincidence. So am I.
Kondo: Right? Gotta spend Christmas\Nwith Otae-san.
Kagura: Nothing really.
Sa: Why am I the only one\Nwho got skipped over?!
Otae: Is that a present for someone?
Sa: Who's it for?
Kagura: You've got it wrong! I was\Ngoing to wear it myself.
Kagura: You can knit.
Kagura: I'm so bad at this...
Otae: I happen to be making something\Nmyself right now.
Kondo: What?! Otae-san is knitting something?!
Kyu: Knitting what?! For who?!
Sa: There's something coming\Nout of her bag.
Otae: Ah!
Kagura: That was when I saw something\NI wasn't supposed to.
Kagura: There were large initials\Nstitched on there...
Kagura: G.
Kagura: [Note: "G" is the initial for\Ncockroach (gokiburi) in Japanese.]
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: Why would Sis also fall for Roach Guy?!
Sa: You trying to lay hands on my\NGin-san?! Ain't happening!
Shinpachi: One of you couldn't be any more wrong!
Kondo: Damn it!
Kondo: I can't take any more of this crap!
All: Christmas can go to hell!
Shinpachi: The Santas just rejected Christmas!
Otae: Did I do something...wrong?
Umi: You didn't do anything wrong.
Umi: Nobody's wrong here.
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: And what role are you guys playing?!
Kagura: I became scared...
Kagura: I had a feeling that something would\Nchange if I told G. how I felt...
Kagura: If that were to destroy this\Nirreplaceable friendship...
Otae: On Christmas Eve...
Otae: they're cleaning the whole school.
Otae: There won't be a single\Ncockroach left alive.
Otae: We both have to try our best.
Kagura: Otae-chan...
Otae: ...your friend.
Kagura: Same here.
Sa: They're both stubborn fools.
Sa: It won't be the same after\Nyou've fought over a man.
Sa: Humans only maintain relationships\Nthat bring benefits.
Sa: The same goes for Santa.
Sa: There is no real Santa in this world.
Sa: Where are you two going?!
Umi: But it's too early to say that\NSanta doesn't exist.
Umi: We're off to see...
GINTOKI: The real Santa and his\Nindiscriminate love.
Otae: We weren't making any progress.
Kagura: And it was the morning\Nof Christmas Eve.
Kagura: Oh no! I fell asleep!
Otae: What do I do? I'm only half-done...
Otae: There we found a finished knitting...
Kagura: but it looked very warm...
Kagura: Why are you here?
Kagura: What about the mittens?
Otae: What a coincidence. Same here.
Kagura: And I just realized that G. doesn't\Nhave to mean Cockroach.
Both: To my girlfriend.
Kyu: That was impressive.
Kyu: You didn't seek anything\Nin return for your efforts
Kyu: while salvaging the friendship.
Kondo: You win.
Kondo: You're the real...
GINTOKI: No.
Umi: We aren't Santas.
Both: They're the real Santas.
All: The hell was that?!
GINTOKI: How is this a contest for\Ndeciding who's Santa?!
GINTOKI: You're stealing all the glory!
Kagura: everybody's a Santa.
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: You're all frickin' cockroaches!
GINTOKI: No more of this!
GINTOKI: I'm leaving!
Umi: A complete waste of time.
Kagura: Hold on a sec!
Kagura: Gin-chan.
Kagura: Everybody.
Kagura: And Pappy.
Kagura: Happy Merry Last Episode.
KAGURA: You should be thankful!
GINTOKI: Who are we?
SHINACHI: We do anything from housework to finding missing persons!
GINTOKI: We'll take any case. We'll take any kind of job as long as we get paid.
GINTOKI: We're Odd Jobs Gin!
KAGURA: There it is!
SHINPACHI: That must be it!
SHINPACHI: That's Kuromi of Yamatoya!
KAGURA: Come on. Have some pickled seaweed.
SHINPACHI: the samurai class fell into decline.
WAITRESS: Mr. Kariya has arrived!
KARIYA: Yo!
SHIMOMOTO: Yo!
KARIYA: I can't hear you! Again!
KARIYA: Yo!
SHIMOMOTO: Yo!
KARIYA: Still not enough! Care to try it again?
KARIYA: I see...
PUU: Thank you for coming all this way.
SHIMOMOTO: Fine. Everything is going very well.
SHIMOMOTO: The goal of the project...
SHIMOMOTO: This project is... 
SHIMOMOTO: I have no idea what this means!
KARIYA: Is this a presentation for the spring anime season or what?!
SHIMOMOTO: Please forgive me.
YAMAZAKI: There.
YAMAZAKI: They're in a private meeting in the back room on the second floor.
HIJIKATA: Great...
HIJIKATA: Let's go!
SHIMOMOTO: We just finished assembling it at our secret factory. All we need to do is get it into position.
HIJIKATA: This is a raid!
MEMBER A: It's the Shinsengumi!
MEMBER A: Everyone stay still!
HIJIKATA: Sogo! Come on!
OKITA: Okay!
OKITA: I'm always doing that.
HIJIKATA: You mean you're always trying to kill me?!
HIJIKATA: Well...
HIJIKATA: Not really...
GINTOKI: Ah...
GINTOKI: I'm too old to be reading JUMP. But I just bought it.
KAGURA: Reading manga like that won't fill your stomach. Your blood-sugar level will remain the same.
GINTOKI: I know. Someone my age shouldn't be reading JUMP.
SHINPACHI: That's not what I'm talking about!
SHINPACHI: Look at this!
GINTOKI: A bankbook?
GINTOKI: Get used to it. Having no money is our destiny.
SHINPACHI: You think you're being defiant? I'm not talking about JUMP! I said we're in a pinch!
SHINPACHI: Even bread crust would be like a feast tomorrow!
GINTOKI: This is...
KAGURA: A nasal infection?
GINTOKI: It stopped.
SHINPACHI: We're having a lot of earthquakes lately.
GINTOKI: Yeah. It's shaking like a high school boy who has to simultaneously confront all five girls who asked him out.
KAGURA: As if that ever happens.
GINTOKI: But it could happen in JUMP.
KAGURA: Customer?
GINTOKI: It can't be. It's probably a newspaper salesman or something.
SHINPACHI: We're already subscribed to a newspaper.
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: Um...
KATOKEN: I'm here because I heard you guys will take any job.
SHINPACHI: No...
KATOKEN: I heard this is Odd Jobs Gin.
KAGURA: ...frigging...
GINTOKI: What's wrong? Can't get rid of this guy?
GINTOKI: ...way!
SHINPACHI: No...
KAGURA: ...frigging...
GINTOKI: ...way!
GINTOKI: You can't be...
GINTOKI: Are you a client?!
KATOKEN: Let me introduce myself. My name is Ken Kato. I've been a ronin for a few days now.
 KAGURA (wh: (whisper)We've had clients two days in row?! Must be a special version of the show!
SHINPACHI: H-Here's some tea for you.
KATOKEN: Hot!
SHINPACHI: Oops!
KATOKEN: Um...
KAGURA: You're really in for it if this is a joke!
SHINPACHI: What? You're shocked and getting uppity?
GINTOKI: So what can we do for you?
KATOKEN: Something very important to me.
KATOKEN: Well...  I need about thirty million yen to get it back.
KATOKEN: But I heard you would take any kinds of jobs for troubled people.
KAGURA: We can't even pay our rent now!
KAGURA: There's no way we can take care of someone's business! Don't come here again!
KATOKEN: And one week ago...
SHINPACHI: Why did you stop?!
SHINPACHI: Spit it out! Do tragedies like this befall you every single week?!
KAGURA: Tell us what happened to you last week!
KATOKEN: Would you... like to hear the rest?
KAGURA: Why will he tell us the rest only after we complete the job?
KATOKEN: Um...
KATOKEN: Where are we going?
OTOSE: I see.
CATHERINE: You guys are such dopes.
KAGURA: So says the ex-thief!
SHINPACHI: Indeed.
KATOKEN: Well...  Um...
OTOSE: You'd sell one if you were a real man!
SHINPACHI: This isn't gonna work.
GINTOKI: So disappointing. You're just a big talker.
SHINPACHI: Forget it. It won't happen.
SACHAN: What?
SACHAN: A way to get money quickly?
SHINPACHI: You're getting on everyone's nerves. I don't care if your character looks like mine.
SACHAN: What are you talking about?
SACHAN: I couldn't care less about you.
SACHAN: All I care about is...
SHINPACHI: See?! I told you it would help to put on your glasses!
SACHAN: I see.
SACHAN: So the money you were talking about is not for the purchase of our little love nest?
GINTOKI: Our love nest?
SACHAN: But I don't give up so easily.
GINTOKI: {\an8}[natto = fermented soy beans; popular as a diet food]
GINTOKI: Just holding on to it isn't gonna help you you'll lose weight. Seriously.
SACHAN: Oh? Do you think that pushing me away is going to make me happy?
SACHAN: Here we go!
SACHAN: That's it! Just like that!
SACHAN: More! More! Just keep blasting away at me!
SACHAN: You're really turning me on!
SHINPACHI: What's this? It stinks!
SHINPACHI: What's that smell?
KAGURA: Smells like natto and masochism.
PUU: Kato.
SHIMOMOTO: Kato.
SHIMOMOTO: You put your seal on a contract like that? You'd better be more careful as to what you agree to.
PUU: Too bad. We know you're hard up.
KATOKEN: Huh? How did you know?
PUU: Buy it back? That'll never happen.
SHIMOMOTO: Because...
PUU: Hey...
SHIMOMOTO: W-Well...  That's right...
SHIMOMOTO: Take a bath!
PUU: Brush your teeth!
SHIMOMOTO: See you next week!
KATOKEN: Yes?
SACHAN: Maybe you oughta rethink your request.
SACHAN: I'm available for assassination jobs since I'm a professional killer.
KAGURA: Let's kill them!
KAGURA: Why don't we roll them up and throw 'em into the ditch now?!
KATOKEN: I'm changing my request.
KATOKEN: But it's not going to be assassination.
KATOKEN: I... want to be stronger!
SHINPACHI: We got it!
GINTOKI: I have something to take care of.
HIJIKATA: That's all.
KONDO: I see.
KONDO: I have no idea what this says...
KONDO: I see. Some sort of device...
KONDO: Toshi...
KONDO: What does "heinous deed" mean?
HIJIKATA: You haven't heard a word I said!
 GINT: (M)An embassy?
KATSURA: Gintoki.
GINTOKI: Zura?
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
KATSURA: Very well.
GINTOKI: What do you mean?
KATSURA: I heard some dangerous rumors around here.
GINTOKI: Rumors?
KATSURA: I've heard about an Amanto who's plotting to destroy all of Edo.
GINTOKI: Why would an Amanto do something like that?
KATSURA: The Embassy is considered foreign soil.
GINTOKI: Foreign soil...
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
KATSURA: That hat is so out of style.
KAGURA: Okay! Why don't you give it a try?
SHINPACHI: He can't do that!
KAGURA: What are you talking about? It's easy!
KAGURA: Suppress your inner "self" and even you can look like Antonio Inoki.
SHINPACHI: I have no idea what you're talking about.
KATOKEN: Right...
GINTOKI: What? Your eyes are bloodshot. Were you up all night playing Tetris?
SHISHIMURA: The game is just about to begin.
GINTOKI: Give it a rest.
GINTOKI: Something bad could happen if you swing that toy around like that.
SHISHIMURA: Did he notice my sword cane?
SHISHIMURA: Don't play dumb! We already know you're nosing around.
GINTOKI: Wrong. That was Zura. It wasn't me.
GINTOKI: No more discussion!
GINTOKI: An earthquake?
SHINPACHI: You're leaving yourself wide open!
SHINPACHI: You think you'll become stronger like that?! Dumbass!
SACHAN: You're surprisingly intense.
KAGURA: Get up! Stand up! Katoken!
SHINPACHI: Wait! That's a jab.
KAGURA: Cross Namida Bridge carefully!
SACHAN: It looks like it's my turn.
SACHAN: I'll make you stronger!
SACHAN: Stronger!
KATOKEN: L-Like this?
SACHAN: More! More!
KATOKEN: Oh yes!
SACHAN: That's it. Good!
KATOKEN: How about this?!
SACHAN: You have potential.
SHINPACHI: What is this training for?
SHINPACHI: What kind of potential does he have?!
SACHAN: As a dominatrix...
SHINPACHI: Untie me now!
KATOKEN: Um...
KATOKEN: I don't think I'll ever get any stronger.
KATOKEN: I give up...
SHINPACHI: Huh? B-But...
KATOKEN: So I'll just leave.
KAGURA: Katoken...
SHISHIMURA: You'd better be more worried about your life than your clothes!
SHISHIMURA: You've got some skill... Are you a former Exclusionist rebel?
GINTOKI: You shouldn't have damaged your hair when you were young.
SHISHIMURA: I don't have to take that from someone with naturally wavy hair!
GINTOKI: You're breakin' my heart...
GINTOKI: It's not like I wanted wavy hair!
SHISHIMURA: I'll kill you this time! You'd better say your prayers!
GINTOKI: Shimura! Look out behind you.
SHISHIMURA: Hey! I'm not Shimura...
POLICEMAN: Hey!
POLICEMAN: We're still under the Sword Ban! What're you doing?
SHISHIMURA: Um... Well...
GINTOKI: Nice catch.
SHISHIMURA: Yes! Isn't that right?
SHISHIMURA: Right? Huh? Where'd he go?
SHISHIMURA: He's gone.
SHINPACHI: Gin!
KAGURA: Katoken left.
GINTOKI: Katoken?
GINTOKI: We're getting used to working for nothing.
GINTOKI: It's no use worrying about it.
GINTOKI: I had a feeling when we took the job that it wouldn't work out. Really.
SHINPACHI: Gin!
SHINPACHI: I didn't know Gin would be so cold-hearted.
KAGURA: That's how he is.
SHINPACHI: Why are you eating my rice?
KAGURA: Dinner is right next door.
SHINPACHI: It's not next door!
OTAE: Why would you two say something like that?
SHINPACHI: Sis...
KONDO: you can't trust a guy who has the eyes of a dead fish.
OTAE: You're the bastard! You stalker!
KAKatsura: Is he still stalking her?
OTAE: I'll finish you off!
SHINPACHI: I wonder what Gin is doing now.
GINTOKI: You want some?
KATOKEN: Wh-What's that?
GINTOKI: It's Azuki ala Gintoki.  Rice with azuki beans.
KATOKEN: N-No thanks.
GINTOKI: This is good sake.
GINTOKI: Helps me forget all my worries for a moment.
GINTOKI: But I'll be reminded of them tomorrow.
GINTOKI: And I think they'll be even bigger headaches than they were today.
GINTOKI: It is not like you can run away from them.
GINTOKI: Especially...
GINTOKI: ...those things you really want to forget.
KATOKEN: I may have wanted an excuse.
GINTOKI: An excuse?
KATOKEN: I used to be a salesman.
KATOKEN: I kept working for the sake of my family day after day...
KATOKEN: And we were finally able to buy our own house.
KATOKEN: I was happy.
KATOKEN: I believed that I could keep working for them. But...
KATOKEN: I still don't understand it.
KATOKEN: and those guys stamped my seal on a contract without my permission.
KATOKEN: My wife couldn't stand their harassment and left with my daughter.
KATOKEN: What do you think happened last week then?
GINTOKI: I don't know.
GINTOKI: A letter?
KATOKEN: Yes. My daughter sent me a letter right before my eviction.
DAUGHTER: Daddy, I want to come home soon.
KATOKEN: Does that sound stupid?
KATOKEN: But now I realize...
KATOKEN: I'm useless.
KATOKEN: Even though I worked so hard...
GINTOKI: Let's go.
KATOKEN: Um...
COOK: Thank you!
KATOKEN: Huh? To where?
GINTOKI: What? Don't you want to get the contract back?
KATOKEN: Th-Then...
GINTOKI: I'm Odd Jobs Gin. I'll do anything for...
GINTOKI: I don't feel so good.
GINTOKI: Can we postpone the raid until tomorrow?
KATOKEN: Huh?
GINTOKI: Did I drink too much?
GINTOKI: My head feels like it's shaking.
GINTOKI: Urgh! I can't hold it anymore!
GINTOKI: You don't have to...
GINTOKI: This is a total hangover.
GINTOKI: I need some water.
SHINPACHI: Leave it to Gin.
SHINPACHI: I knew we would do something like this.
SHINPACHI: What about you?
GINTOKI: Shut up! Stop talking so loudly.
GINTOKI: It really hurts my head.
KAGURA: How do we sneak in?
GINTOKI: Huh? We're not going to sneak in - we're going to break in.
GINTOKI: That means we'll storm in through the front.
SHINPACHI: Gin...
GINTOKI: Knock knock!
SHINPACHI: Wait!
KAGURA: Bunta! Are you trying to act like Bunta Sugawara?
GINTOKI: Hello! Anyone here?
SHINPACHI: You don't need to let them know we're here.
KATOKEN: Strange. There doesn't seem to be anyone here.
GINTOKI: That's right. This is really warm.
KAGURA: Is this real meat? It's so tender!
KAGURA: Saving the best for last.
SHINPACHI: You guys are like pigs!
SHINPACHI: What will you do if there's poison in it?
SHISHIMURA: Don't worry. There's no poison in it.
KARIYA: Are these the ones who have been sniffing around?
PUU: What are you doing here?
KATOKEN: W-Well...
SHIMOMOTO: Speak for yourself! You're the ones that got caught!
KAGURA: I prefer a little stronger flavor!
PUU: You listen to us!
KARIYA: Huh?
PUU: What are you talking about?
PUU: You're telling us you guys came all this way just for that?
SHINPACHI: So what if we did?
KARIYA: It looks like Shishimura overestimated them.
SHIHSIMURA: Sorry about that.
KARIYA: Let's go. We don't have much time.
SHISHIMURA: But what should I do with these guys?
KARIYA: Just throw them out.
SHIMOMOTO: You'll get flattened in here anyway.
KATO: Flattened?
ANNOUNCE: Course gate open!
KARIYA: Let's go!
SHISHIMURA: Roger!
KARIYA: Enjoy this view while you can.
KARIYA: This is your last view of Edo.
SHINPACHI: It's no use!
KAGURA: I ain't falling for that.
KAGURA: I won't move until I finish all the food.
SHINPACHI: Geez.
SHINPACHI: Elizabeth!
SHINPACHI: What are you doing here?
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
KATSURA: And we found something in the safe.
GINTOKI: What? Did you find it? Is that Katoken's contract?
KATSURA: I don't know anything about that. But look at this.
GINTOKI: I have no idea.
KATSUYA: Then let me explain.
KATSUYA: They intend to raze Edo to the ground.
GINTOKI: What?!
KAGURA: They'll have a rave in Edo?
KARIYA: What?
KATOKEN: How are you?
KARIYA: You're bluffing!
KATOKEN: Keep my elbow to my side and just strike...
KATOKEN: Strike!
KAGURA: It worked!
PUU: Mr. Kariya!
SHIMOMOTO: Help him!
KAGURA: I'm so proud of my student! He's become really strong!
GINTOKI: Go and stop the earthquake machine now!
KATOKEN: A-All right!
KATOKEN: Um...
KATOKEN: Is this it?
SHINPACHI: Hurry! Just stop it!
KATOKEN: Um... Is this it?
KATOKEN: Or this...?
KATOKEN: This must be it!
KATO: It broke!
SHINPACHI: I knew that would happen! It broke!
SHISHIMURA: Wait!
SHISHIMURA: We didn't finish our fight yet!
SHISHIMURA: One hit and I'm down?
GINTOKI: Stop!
KATOKEN: I-It stopped...
KATOKEN: A-All right!
KAGURA: Yahoo!
SHINPACHI: They did it!
KATSURA: Gintoki did a great job.
KATSURA: My side hurts.
KATOKEN: Our... house...
KATOKEN: Sakata...
GINTOKI: Don't worry about your house.
KATOKEN: But...
KATOKEN: Yes!
SHINPACHI: It's Kuromi of Yamatoya!
GINTOKI: Why can't I have a Bankai or something like that.
KAGURA: That's it! That's Katoken!
GINTOKI: Oh?
GINTOKI: He looks so happy!
SHINPACHI: He was too delicate to be a samurai
SHINPACHI: and his eyes were too honest for him to be a gangster.
SHINPACHI: The next episode:
SHINPACHI: Nobody with Naturally Wavy Hair Can Be That Bad.
SACHAN: I forgot I was in the second part of the show.
AMANTO A: I feel kind of sorry for them.
AMANTO A: So I end up wanting to mess with them.
 SHINPAC: (mono)The rise of the Amanto led to the decline of the samurai.
 SHINPAC: (mono)We were stripped away of our swords and status
 SHINPAC: (mono)and we abandoned our honor and everything else.
 SHINPAC: (mono)It was everyone in this country...
GINTOKI: Hey.
 SHINPAC: (mono)A samurai?!
AMANTO A: Who the hell are you?!
AMANTO A: Strapping on a wooden sword in the age of the Sword Ban!
GINTOKI: Blah blah blah. Are you in heat or something?
GINTOKI: Look at what happened to my chocolate parfait because of your fussing.
GINTOKI: All of it spilled out!
GINTOKI: My doctor told me my blood sugar level was too high...
GINTOKI: So I just have one parfait a week!
 SHINPAC: (mono)but too focused...
 SHINPAC: (mono)...to be called a thug.
GINTOKI: Tell your manager that it tasted great.
YASHICHI: Oh! There he is!
YASHICHI: So you're the one who's waving around a wooden sword and causing a riot!
SHINPACHI: Hold on... Wait. You're mistaken!
YASHICHI: Uh-oh... It's the ambassador from Chatoran.
YASHICHI: This is an international incident...
YASHICHI: Do you realize what you've done?
SHINPACHI: The man who did it already ran off!
OOKA: Next time make your excuses after you hide your weapon.
OOKA: I'm going to file a report. Come with us to the station.
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: What?!
GINTOKI: It just doesn't feel right...
GINTOKI: I get all cranky if I don't have some sugar.
SHINPACHI: Everything's a mess because of you!
GINTOKI: What an honest kid.
GINTOKI: You came to give me back my wooden sword?
GINTOKI: It's okay. It's just something I bought on a school trip.
SHINPACHI: That's not it!
SHINPACHI: I just barely managed to get away from the cops!
SHINPACHI: My manager even said that I was the murderer...
GINTOKI: A clerk who can't use a cash register
GINTOKI: is about as useless as a mom who can't make fried rice.
SHINPACHI: Just what did you say about my mother?!
GINTOKI: You're getting all worked up just because you got fired...
SHINPACHI: How am I supposed to survive from now on?! Damn it!
GINTOKI: Don't think that you're the only one who's got problems!
GINTOKI: Can't you be more positive like them?
SHINPACHI: Do you even know the meaning of the word "positive"?!
OTAE: Oh. Shin?
OTAE: What are you doing here?
OTAE: Why aren't you at work?
SHINPACHI: Ack! Sis!
OTAE: Do you know what kind of trouble we're in this month?!
OTAE: Even your pathetic paycheck is crucial!
SHINPACHI: This is all his fault.
GINTOKI: I'm really sorry.
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
OTAE: It's been twenty years since national isolation was lifted...
OTAE: Amanto began to come here from far-off planets and Edo has grown beyond recognition...
OTAE: But samurai and swords... Those who once held power
OTAE: are now dying out one by one.
OTAE: The same goes for our dojo...
OTAE: Because of you...
GINTOKI: Was your sister raised by gorillas?
OTAE: What is this? A business card?
GINTOKI: My business is to do whatever I'm asked to do.
GINTOKI: I'm Mr. "Odd Jobs" Gin.
OTAE: You're the one who's causing us problems!
GINTOKI: Calm down!
OTAE: No thank you!
SHINPACHI: Sis...
SHINPACHI: It's just impossible to run a sword dojo in this day and age...
SHINPACHI: Swords won't ever be revived again.
SHINPACHI: We don't have anything to gain by desperately protecting this dojo...
OTAE: This isn't about profit or gain...
OTAE: Does a child really need a reason to protect the things that its parents cherished?
SHINPACHI: We didn't do it. It was Father...
OTAE: Shin!
OTAE: Wait a moment...
SHINPACHI: Sis!
GINTOKI: That's enough.
SHINPACHI: H-High Leg?!
SHINPACHI: Wh-Why?!
SHINPACHI: No way!
SHINPACHI: She'd never do something like that.
OTAE: All right. I'll go.
SHINPACHI: Hold on... Sis!
SHINPACHI: Why would you do this?!
SHINPACHI: Hey!
SHINPACHI: Sis!
OTAE: Nothing good will come from saving this dojo...
OTAE: ...only pain.
OTAE: But it's also painful to let go.
OTAE: It's painful to keep or to discard something that you can never get back...
OTAE: I'd rather suffer trying to protect it.
SHINPACHI: What the hell?! Damn it!
SHINPACHI: My stupid sister!
SHINPACHI: She keeps talking about Father.
SHINPACHI: What did baldy ever do for us?!
SHINPACHI: He only played Othello with us once in a while!
GINTOKI: Was your dad bald?
SHINPACHI: And why are you cooking in my house?!
SHINPACHI: Then make something easier!
GINTOKI: Shouldn't you go after your sister?
SHINPACHI: I don't care.
SHINPACHI: It was her decision to leave.
SHINPACHI: She really is my Father's daughter.
SHINPACHI: She's just like him.
SHINPACHI: Father was a good-natured person who always talked about duty and compassion.
SHINPACHI: Why was he so careless?
SHINPACHI: I don't want to die with only grand principles to my name.
SHINPACHI'S FATHER: there are things that people mustn't forget.
OTAE: Does a child really need a reason to protect the things that its parents cherished?
SHINPACHI: That kind of thinking only gets in the way nowadays.
SHINPACHI: I plan on living smarter and longer.
GINTOKI: Is that so?
GINTOKI: But you don't seem very smart to me.
GINTOKI: Samurai don't need a reason to act.
GINTOKI: Do you love your sister?
SHINPACHI: Watch the beautiful sunset from heaven,
SHINPACHI: first boat leaves this afternoon at four.
SHINPACHI: This is bad!
SHINPACHI: The ship's about to leave! Can't you go any faster?!
GINTOKI: It'll also hurt if we crash.
SHINPACHI: Now's not the time to be saying that!
SHINPACHI: Sis is in high-leg shabu shabu danger!
GINTOKI: What are you saying?
GINTOKI: We don't need road traffic laws in this day and age.
GINTOKI: I'm all right. I have a hard head.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: I'm telling you that...
GINTOKI: ...it's hard!
SHINPACHI: The Shabu Shabu Heaven has taken off!
SHINPACHI: What are we going to do?! It's so high up!
SHINPACHI: Sis!
OTAE: I'm Otae. Please treat me gently.
OTAE: I've never had cleavage before in my life!
OTAE: Hold on... That cut is...
GORILLA MAN: Hold on. What's going on?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. It's just a rental.
GINTOKI: Hello. Odd Jobs at your service!
OTAE: Shin?!
SHINPACHI: We've come to get my sister back!
SHINPACHI: I don't care about the dojo.
SHINPACHI: I want a dojo where my sister is always smiling.
SHINPACHI: If I have to see my sister cry...
SHINPACHI: I don't need the dojo!
OTAE: Shin...
GINTOKI: Go find an escape pod or something and get outta here.
SHINPACHI: Wh-What about you?
GINTOKI: You just think about protecting your sister.
GINTOKI: I'll protect what I want to protect.
GINTOKI: All right! Next!
SUBORDINATES: Who is this guy?!
SHINPACHI: What?
OTAE: H-His style is crazy...
SHINPACHI: ...but strong!
GINTOKI: Shinichi! Go!
GINTOKI: You've always been a wreck! You actually look even better like that.
OTAE: Go.
OTAE: Go and find your sword.
OTAE: I'll look for it my own way.
OTAE: It's all right. I won't do anything rash anymore.
OTAE: I don't want to see you cry either.
SHINPACHI: Sis...
SHINPACHI'S FATHER: you must never lose the unwavering sword kept in your soul.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Father.
 SHINPAC: (mono)What sort of soul does this guy have? It's very difficult to tell.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I think it's dim but it's definitely shining.
GINTOKI: Oh no! I forgot that Jump goes on sale today!
GINTOKI: Should I use this opportunity to grow out of it?
GINTOKI: No! Men are boys at heart until they die!
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: Watch Out! Weekly Shonen JUMP Sometimes Comes Out on Saturdays!
BOSS A: I don't understand. What exactly are you saying you got for me?
BOSS B: Do you know what kind of situation you're in?
BOSS A: I don't expect someone with a crew-cut to know the joys of a punch-perm.
BOSS A: You dopes with the crew cuts should walk on the side of the road.
BOSS A: Then maybe you wouldn't get hurt!
BOSS B: You bastard! You got a problem with crew-cuts?!
BOSS A: You're all dead.
YASHICHI: Yeah.
YACHICHI: I don't care what happens to a bunch of hoods.
YACHICHI: But I wonder who crushed them like that.
GINTOKI: Oh crap! JUMP comes out today!
GINTOKI: Should we turn back?!
GINTOKI: This might be a good chance to give it up.
GINTOKI: Reading JUMP at my age...
GINTOKI: But men are always boys at heart until they die.
GINTOKI: Look out!
SHINPACHI: You hit her! What're you gonna do about this!
SHINPACHI: You weren't even looking.
GINTOKI: D-D-Don't get worked up.
GINTOKI: Ch-Ch-Chill out and help me find a t-t-t-t-time-time machine.
SHINPACHI: You chill out!
GINTOKI: Wake up TV's astrology segment said I'd be lucky this weekend.
GINTOKI: I'm sure that she's miraculously unharmed.
GINTOKI: Freakin' Wake-up TV!
GINTOKI: Liars! I'm never gonna watch your stupid show again. Damn it!
GINTOKI: But the weather lady sure is pretty hot.
SHINPACHI: Not even twitching.
GINTOKI: Crap! Gotta get her to a doctor.
KAGURA: You guys stupid or what?
KAGURA: I'm not going to die just from getting hit by scooter!
KAGURA: This scar's from getting shot by those guys.
KAGURA: Already closed up...see.
GINTOKI: Get well soon.
KAGURA: How could a grown-up abandon a girl who's being hunted by the yakuza?
GINTOKI: We call them mountain gorillas.
MEMBER A: Hey! There they are!
MEMBER A: Over heeeere--!
GINTOKI: This is bad!
SHINPACHI: Hold on! Who are they?!
SHINPACHI: Demented Yakuza?
KAGURA: What? "Fermented"?
MEMBER B: Wait!
GINTOKI: Hey! Who are you?! What did you do with your super strength?
KAGURA: I...
KAGURA: I came here from a distant planet.
KAGURA: I heard that I could make money if I came to Edo.
KAGURA: My family is real poor.
KAGURA: I'd like to at least be able to eat raw egg and soy sauce on rice three meals a day.
SHINPACHI: That's not much better.
KAGURA: That's when
KAGURA: they made me an offer.
BOSS A: Care to change your life with mine?
KAGURA: I heard that and jumped on it.
SHINPACHI: Why?! Shouldn't you eat three different kinds of meals a day?
KAGURA: I'm sturdy compared to earthlings.
KAGURA: I took their offer.
KAGURA: I ate sake chazuke every day. I was so happy.
SHINPACHI: You mean "escalated."
KAGURA: I can't take it anymore. Edo is a very scary place.
KAGURA: I want to go home.
GINTOKI: You got yourself into that world. You need to get yourself out.
GINTOKI: I wonder if JUMP is still on sale.
SHINPACHI: It's all right. Things will work out.
SHINPACHI: I'll help you.
KAGURA: You?
SHINPACHI: I'm used to situations like this.
KAGURA: A jack-of-all-trades?
BOSS A: You guys idiots or what?!  How can it be so hard bringing back one girl?!
BOSS A: You call yourselves gangsters?
BOSS A: Do you think that's fitting for someone with a perm?!
BOSS A: That's why we need her!
BOSS A: She either works for me or she's dead to me.
BOSS A: Kill her.
BOSS A: She'll become a serious threat if she joins a different gang.
BOSS A: It's better to get rid of large useless tools.
SHINPACHI: Ready? Let's go!
SHINPACHI: They're quick! They found us really fast!
KAGURA: You're a useless four-eyes. That's why I said I wanted a helicopter.
SHINPACHI: A helicopter?!
SHINPACHI: You're the one who said that we could outsmart them by going in the front!
GINTOKI: Umm... Do you have JUMP?
GINTOKI: I see...
KAGURA: Do you finally feel like using a helicopter?
KAGURA: Ah! You weren't kidding.
GINTOKI: Akamaru JUMP?
KAGURA: This stinks!
SHINPACHI: Now's not the time for that. Deal with it!
SHINPACHI: This is bad!
KAGURA: This stinks!
GINTOKI: JUMP...
GINTOKI: JUMP...JUMP...J-J-J...
GINTOKI: JUMP...
GINTOKI: JUMP!
SHINPACHI: They really are persistent. How long do they plan on following us?
KAGURA: How did you plan on helping me when you can't even get a helicopter?
SHINPACHI: That's impossible. Even an RC helicopter would be impossible.
SHINPACHI: You're getting mad at me?! I'm helping you. How can you say that?
KAGURA: You're in the way! Don't get cocky!
SHINPACHI: What's with that?! Your absurd demands were the cause of all this!
MEMBER A: Damn it. Where the hell did they go?
MEMBER B: They couldn't have gotten far.
SHINPACHI: We managed to get this far. Any sign of the perm boys anywhere?
KAGURA: None. It's all right.
SHINPACHI: You can go home.
SHINPACHI: Gin really is heartless.
SHINPACHI: Looking for JUMP at a time like this.
KAGURA: It doesn't bother me.
KAGURA: Everyone in Edo is like that.
KAGURA: They're somewhat cold and indifferent towards people.
KAGURA: That's a smart way to live. Busybodies like you are dopes.
KAGURA: But I'd rather be a dope.
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: It sounded like you just said something nasty with perfect grammar!
KAGURA: I hate dorks with glasses.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Your personality's different!
SHINPACHI: What's with that?!
SHINPACHI: I can't do this anymore!
KAGURA: Huh?
SHINPACHI: What's wrong?
KAGURA: I are stuck.
KAGURA: Inoue!
BOSS A: It's terrible of you to run away without saying goodbye. After I treated you so well.
BOSS A: What happened to your money problems?
BOSS A: Are you all right? You wanna go back to a furikake-on-rice lifestyle?
KAGURA: I'm sick of hurting people for money!  Nothing tastes good this way!
BOSS A: That's funny coming from you. Fighting's the only thing you can do.
SHINPACHI: Yato clan?
BOSS A: They've destroyed countless planets.
BOSS A: They're a warrior race that loves to fight.
BOSS A: but the proof is your translucent skin and that umbrella you carry.
BOSS A: but you looked like you were enjoying yourself when you were fighting.
KAGURA: You're wrong! I...
KAGURA: I...
 KAGURA : (mono)I've traveled around the world and have come to Edo to reinvent myself.
KAGURA: Is he really a bad guy?
KAGURA: I guess I have to.
KAGURA: That's why... That's why I was so foolish.
KAGURA: Chazuke is the best!
 KAGURA : (mono)I believed your words.
KAGURA: I...
BOSS A: You're useless to me if you're not gonna fight.
BOSS A: Ciao!
SHINPACHI: H-Hold on a second! Hey! Station staff!
SHINPACHI: The set-up is right out of manga!
 GORILLA: (mono)Dreams are like trees.
 GORILLA: (mono)It's more fun to climb them than to watch them.
 GORILLA: (mono)And there are things you learn when you actually climb them.
 GORILLA: (mono)I sweat a lot.
GORILLA: Fountain pens are crap!
GORILLA: Man! It sure is a pain to draw manga.
GORILLA: I want to become a cheesecake.
GINTOKI: Nothing but the frigging trouble!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
SHINPACHI: Huh? H-Hold on!
SHINPACHI: Hold on a second!
GINTOKI: Go!
BOSS A: Wh-What's this?
MEMBER A: What happened?!
KAGURA: I like to fight.
KAGURA: That is a Yato's true nature. I won't deny it.
KAGURA: I'm going to fight so I can change!
BOSS A: Y-You idiot!
BOSS A: All of you! Get 'em!
BOSS A: Huh?
MEMBER A: I can't do this anymore!
KAGURA: Inoue!
BOSS A: Wh-Wh-What is it?!
KAGURA: Do you remember the first thing you told me?
BOSS A: Care to change your life with mine?
BOSS A: Did I say something?
KAGURA: Inoue.
KAGURA: There's something I've wanted to say to you.
KAGURA: That afro isn't a good look for you at all!
BOSS A: This is a punch perm!
KAGURA: Who cares!
GINTOKI: There's one!
KAGURA: I don't understand you. Are you a shy boy?
GINTOKI: I didn't exactly come to help you.
SHINPACHI: Our lives aren't even worth 230 yen?
GINTOKI: Y-You've got to be kidding!
GINTOKI: Why would I hire a girl as violent as you?!
KAGURA: Did you say something?
KAGURA: Not a word.
KAGURA: Extra helpings?
OTOSE: How many bowls do you think you've had? This isn't a restaurant!
OTOSE: This is a place that serves drinks and healthy eroticism...
OTOSE: It's a snack shop. A haven for old men!
KAGURA: I have no interest in fancy food. Pickles are fine.
OTOSE: You've sure got simple taste for such a pig!!
OTOSE: She's already had five bowls!
OTOSE: Where's she from?!
GINTOKI: All we've got left at home is sugar and salt now.
OTOSE: What's with them? They're so emaciated.
OTOSE: Hey! You're still eating?!
OTOSE: Somebody stop her!
SHINPACHI: We're mistaken for terrorists and are chased by the Shinsengumi.
SHINPACHI: The next episode...
SHINPACHI: Make Friends You Can Call by Their Nicknames, Even When You're an Old Fart
GINTOKI: Umm... Do you have JUMP?
OTOSE: Hey!
OTOSE: I hope you're ready to die!
POSTMAN: S-Sorry. I didn't sleep well last night.
OTOSE: No problem! I'm gonna make sure you close your eyes forever!
SHINPACHI: Otose! You shouldn't do that to an injured person!
SHINPACHI: Are you all right?
POSTMAN: Y-Yeah...
KAGURA: Ambulance!
GINTOKI: That's a pretty primitive way of calling an ambulance?!
POSTMAN: Th-This...
POSTMAN: Deliver this in my place...
POSTMAN: Please...
POSTMAN: I think it's important.
POSTMAN: If I fail to deliver it... I might lose my job!
POSTMAN: Please...I beg you.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: You're sure this is the place?
KAGURA: Yup.
SHINPACHI: An embassy.
SHINPACHI: This is the Inui Embassy!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
GINTOKI: They're the scary ones who fired cannons at the Edo Castle and forced the country to open up.
AMANTO A: Hey!
AMANTO A: What the hell are you doing here?
AMANTO A: Do you want to get eaten?
KAGURA: I'll give you some pickled seaweed.
GINTOKI: What're you doing?!
GINTOKI: Here it is.
AMANTO A: Didn't hear anything about a package today.
AMANTO A: Lately we've been worried about bombings.
AMANTO A: Security's tight. Go home.
GINTOKI: It might be dog food inside. Enjoy.
AMANTO A: Who'd eat crap like that?
GINTOKI: Run!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! What the hell do you think you're doing? Let go!
SHINPACHI: No way! They're not taking me alone!
KAGURA: Think about me and just go to the next world!
GINTOKI: Shut up! I'm taking you with me!
GINTOKI: What's going on?!
GINTOKI: Waah!  A pack of dog guards!
KATSURA: These guys are a pain in the butt.
GINTOKI: You're Zura!
GINTOKI: Kotaro Zura?!
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
GINTOKI: Y-You bastard.
GINTOKI: How long has it been since we last saw each other?
KATSURA: I've told you a thousand times to stop using that nickname.
AMANTO A: How long are you going to keep talking?!
KATSURA: Wait!
HIJIKATA: He finally exposed himself.
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!
YAMAZAKI: Yes!
YAMAZAKI: Sir!
HIJIKATA: Takes real guts to still be fighting the Amanto these days.
HIJIKATA: I'm surprised that you could sleep through that explosion.
OKITA: Explosion? Did you let the terrorists attack again?
HIJIKATA: You wanna sleep permanently?
HIJIKATA: They can blow up all the Amanto for all I care.
HIJIKATA: It'll be a proud moment for the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: I'm looking forward to this fight.
NEWSCASTER: Another Amanto embassy has been bombed.
NEWSCASTER: Our reporter Ketsuno is on the scene!
NEWSCASTER: Ketsuno! Ana!
KETSUNO: This is Ketsuno at the scene.
KETSUNO: We've just received word
KETSUNO: that the alleged terrorists were caught on tape by a security camera.
KETSUNO: Ah... You can see them very clearly!
SHINPACHI: You really can see us clearly.
SHINPACHI: What'll I do? Sis is going to kill me.
KAGURA: I'm on TV. I've got to call home.
SHINPACHI: Do you suppose this is all some sort of conspiracy?
SHINPACHI: How did we get into this mess?
SHINPACHI: Meeting Katsura was the only good that came out of it.
SHINPACHI: To think he'd actually hide us during all this.
SHINPACHI: What sort of person is he?
GINTOKI: Hmm... A terrorist.
KATSURA: We're not terrorists.
KATSURA: We're Freedom Fighters!
KONDO: Oh? So we finally found them?
HIJIKATA: Yes. Yamazaki is following them right now.
HIJIKATA: It's too soon to thank me.
HIJIKATA: Save it for after we've killed them!
KONDO: That's right.
KONDO: The Shinsengumi only give credit after distinguished military service.
HIJIKATA: Yup.
YAMAZAKI: There are two scary-looking guys at the entrance.
KATSURA: The Amanto are pests that pollute this country with their presence.
KATSURA: We must force them out and rebuild this country into the land of samurai once more.
KATSURA: We're expelling foreigners in order to protect this country.
SHINPACHI: Foreigner expulsion patriotism?!
KAGURA: What's that?
SHINPACHI: Foreigner Expulsion is an ideology that sprang up during the Amanto attacks twenty years ago.
SHINPACHI: They tried to drive out the aliens.
SHINPACHI: The Amanto pressured us to open up our doors.
SHINPACHI: They abandoned the samurai and signed an unfair treaty with the Amanto.
SHINPACHI: The Amanto had control over the core of the government. They took away the samurai's swords
SHINPACHI: and made them powerless.
SHINPACHI: I heard that afterwards
SHINPACHI: many of the exclusionists were purged.
SHINPACHI: I never thought that they still existed.
GINTOKI: It seems we've been manipulated.
KAGURA: He's right! I remember those bushy eyebrows.
KATSURA: Once again will you lend me the strength that made you feared as the White Knight?
KATSURA: This is the end of the line.
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid.
GINTOKI: Stand up.
GINTOKI: why don't you live your life beautifully to the end?
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
 KATSURA: (mono)His white hair was soaked in blood.
KATSURA: It was he who fought like an avenging angel in the war with Amanto...
KATSURA: He was like a god of war who was feared not only by his enemies but by his own people.
SHINPACHI: Gin...you were involved in the Foreigner Expulsion War too?
KATSURA: He disappeared after the battle.
KATSURA: I never really knew what was going on in your head.
GINTOKI: The battle is over.
GINTOKI: How long are you going to go on and on?
KATSURA: Are you stupid?!
KATSURA: Mothers always pester their sons.
KATSURA: Nobody likes you because your heart isn't big enough to embrace.
GINTOKI: You little...
GINTOKI: If I didn't have naturally wavy hair I'd definitely be popular with girls. I think.
KATSURA: There you go again blaming everything on your naturally wavy hair.
KATSURA: Pathetic.
GINTOKI: Who's pathetic?
GINTOKI: People use their complexes as springboards to greatness.
SHINPACHI: What the hell are you talking about?!
KATSURA: Our fight is far from over.
KATSURA: You worry about this country and are angry at the government and the Amanto for taking the lives of
KATSURA: the people who fought with you.
KATSURA: Let's clear out the Amanto and rebuild this corrupt country.
KATSURA: It's the only way we can honor the memory of our dead.
KATSURA: Our next target is the spaceship terminal.
KATSURA: We shall destroy that accursed tower that brings the Amanto
KATSURA: and we shall purge them from Edo.
KATSURA: But the tower is a major world hub. It won't fall easily.
GINTOKI: Come on. I've been telling you that I...
KATSURA: You're already an accomplice for helping us. You can't refuse us.
KATSURA: There's no need to hesitate.
KATSURA: Your place was always with us.
SHINPACHI: Gin...
HIJIKATA: You're under arrest!
KATSURA: Oh no! Run away!
HIJIKATA: Kill them all!
SHINPACHI: Wh-Wh-Who are those people?!
KATSURA: An elite anti-terrorist squad they send in to wipe out rebel elements!
KATSURA: Those guys are really annoying.
GINTOKI: I'm not your freakin' boss!
GINTOKI: And you're the annoying one!
KAGURA: Whether you're doing something good or bad, be the boss. That's my motto!
GINTOKI: You shut up!
GINTOKI: Your mottos sounds like something out of the mouth of a feudal warlord!
HIJIKATA: Hey.
HIJIKATA: There's no need to run. It's a nice fight.
HIJIKATA: Let's have some fun.
GINTOKI: I'm surprised you passed the interview.
GINTOKI: Your pupils are dilated.
GINTOKI: It's all right. They sparkle during my close-ups.
HIJIKATA: Don't lie!
HIJIKATA: You're pretty good.
HIJIKATA: Most people can't keep up with this transition.
GINTOKI: That's dangerous. What would you do if it really hit me?
HIJIKATA: You idiot! I'm trying to hit you!
OKITA: Aw. I missed.
HIJIKATA: What do you mean miss?! Hey! Look at me!
HIJIKATA: Stop your useless resistance!
SHINPACHI: Did you grow more hair?
HIJIKATA: This is the fifteenth floor. There's no escape!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
KATSURA: It's a time bomb.
KATSURA: I'll give those guys a little present.
GINTOKI: Don't dirty them anymore.
KATSURA: A warrior must stick to his beliefs.
GINTOKI: What's the point in standing up for beliefs that have been laid out for me?
GINTOKI: Looking forward to losing your precious friends?
GINTOKI: I don't want that anymore.
KAGURA: Gin...this thingy...I pushed the switch when I was fiddling with it.
GINTOKI: What a nightmare.
KATSURA: How clich.
HIJIKATA: Geez. I forgot to set my VCR.
HIJIKATA: Let's get this over with. Prepare to fire!
HIJIKATA: Fire!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Didn't you say that you were good with machines?!
SHINPACHI: Do somethin'!
KAGURA: N-N-Naturally curly hair and bombs go well with each other!
GINTOKI: A-A-An inari sushi came out from the side!
SHINPACHI: A-A-An ethical society.
KAGURA: I-I-Ingry Mongry?
SHINPACHI: M-M-Momiji manju!!
KAGURA: I-I-I don't want to have an affair!!
SHINPACHI: H-H-How long are we going to do this?!
KAGURA: A-A-Adrian!!
GINTOKI: Who is Adrian anyway?! The game ends if you end it with "N"!
GINTOKI: Impossible! We're dead!
GINTOKI: Oh. Hey!
GINTOKI: why not just live beautifully to the end?
KATSURA: Live life beautifully?
KATSURA: What's so beautiful about that?
HIJIKATA: The soap opera rerun!
OKITA: We made it!
HIJIKATA: All right!
NEWSCASTER: We interrupt this broadcast to bring you a special report.
NEWSCASTER: Ketsuno is at the scene! Ketsuno! Ana!
KETSUNO: This is Ketsuno at the scene.
GINTOKI: You're just like what you look like: a four-eyed geek.
KONDO: Stand! Bow! Take your seats!
GINTOKI: Does anyone know the meaning of "Gin Tama"?
KAGURA: Here!
GINTOKI: Then remove it.
GINTOKI: Let's get back to our lesson.
OKITA: Sensei!
GINTOKI: I see. Then go back to your country!
HIJIGATA: Sensei!
HIJIKATA: I don't think you're supposed to smoking during class.
GINTOKI: This isn't a cigarette.
GINTOKI: It's a lollypop.
HIJIKATA: Smoke doesn't come out from a lollypop.
GINTOKI: That's because I'm licking it so fast.
GINTOKI: What I just covered will be on the test.
GINTOKI: So you better be taking notes.  Dismissed!
SHINPACHI: I'm gonna transfer outta here.
GINTOKI: But why'd they release us after Shinpachi freaked out like that?
KAGURA: Because they know someone normally docile is more difficult to deal with when they crack under the pressure.
GINTOKI: They piss me off.
GINTOKI: So piss on them.
SHINPACHI: Stop that! This is TV! Control yourselves!
SHINPACHI: There'll be no end to the number of times I'll be arrested if I hang around you guys.
SHINPACHI: I'm going on home!
GINTOKI: I don't have a choice then.
GINTOKI: I'll be the straight man this week.
GINTOKI: You...watch where you're puking!
GINTOKI: Whadda stench!
GINTOKI: Whadda stench!
GINTOKI: Yes?
FATHER: Stand back!
FATHER: Don't you care what happens to barf babe here?
FATHER: Can you drive a car?
GINTOKI: Yeah.
KAGURA: He's got me!
KAGURA: I'm scared.
GINTOKI: I have no choice but to do as he says.
GINTOKI: But do you really think you can get away with this?
FATHER: Never mind. Just turn right.
FATHER: I have no intention of getting away for good.
FATHER: Just for today.  I'll be happy if I can be free for just one day today.
GINTOKI: it'll be a special day you'll never forget for the rest of your life.
FATHER: Step on it! I can't get caught now!
GINTOKI: As you wish. Boost!
YAMADA: So cute.
GINTOKI: We're not done yet.
GINTOKI: Here goes...
GINTOKI: Go!
GINTOKI: We did it!
GINTOKI: Crap! A stroller!
OGAMI: My son and I walk a path of darkness and evil.
GINTOKI: Damned wolf. Doesn't he know cars can't stop so quickly?
FATHER: Damn it!
GINTOKI: This way!
KAGURA: It stinks!
FATHER: Why're you helping me?
GINTOKI: I'm not sure.
FATHER: It doesn't make sense. Now you're all wrapped up in this mess. And yet...
GINTOKI: Maybe I just want to see you through
GINTOKI: your special day.
FATHER: We're almost there. Let's hurry!
GINTOKI: Right!
OTSU: Everybody...
OTSU: Thank you all for coming to my pooformance!
OLDER MEN: Pooformance!
CROWD: Necromancer!
OTSU: Your Father is Bleep-Bleep.
OTSU: Please enjoy!
GINTOKI: What the hell...is this?
GINTOKI: You jerk. Is this your idea of life?!
GINTOKI: You broke out of from prison for a pop idol?!
GINTOKI: You'd ruin your entire life for a moment's pleasure?
FATHER: It's precisely because I ruined my entire life for a moment's pleasure
FATHER: that I realize this an important moment that I can't miss.
FATHER: L-O-V-E!
GINTOKI: Don't let it influence you.
GINTOKI: This is like a cult.
GINTOKI: The air is rank with human stank.
SHINEITAI: L-O-V-E O-tsu-u.
SHINPACHI: Louder!
SHINEITAI: Okay!
SHINEITAI: L-O-V-E O-tsu-u.
SHINPACHI: I've been a captain of Otsu's fan club from the day I was born.
GINTOKI: That's what I'd like to know.
GINTOKI: How am I going to explain this to your sister?
SHINPACHI: I can do whatever I like!  I'm not a little kid!
MOTHER: You there.
MOTHER: Please don't leave your seat during the performance.
MOTHER: You're spoiling it for the rest of the audience.
FATHER: L-O-V-E O-tsu-u.
FATHER: L-O-V-E O-tsu-u.
MOTHER: You.
FANS: We do-do!
 OTSU: (N)Otsu Terakado's second single.
 OTSU: (N) Your Father is Bleep-Bleep, in stores soon!
FATHER: I see.
FATHER: So you're Otsu's manager.
FATHER: Impressive.
MOTHER: Hearing that from you doesn't make me happy.
MOTHER: I'm surprised you have the nerve to show your face after all this time.
MOTHER: Aren't you still supposed to be in jail? Why are you even here?
MOTHER: I've had it with you.
MOTHER: I can see you haven't changed a bit.
MOTHER: but do you ever think about the people who suffer for it? Like your daughter and me?
OTSU: I'd say it's the hidden meaning behind the "bleep-bleep."
OTSU: I'd be happy if you could appreciate its more mature implications.
OTSU: I'll do my very best!
OTSU: Yes.
OTSU: My father...
MOTHER: Her father died. Thirteen years ago.
MOTHER: It's your fault for making Otsu suffer like that.
MOTHER: Don't force her to relive painful memories like
MOTHER: the fact that her father is a murderer.
GINTOKI: Stick of gum?
FATHER: Why would I want a kiddy thing like that?
GINTOKI: The secret to enjoying life is to hold on to the kid inside you.
GINTOKI: is something you can't do unless you're a childish idiot.
FATHER: I made a promise to her a long time ago.
OTSU AS A CHILD: {\i1}I want to be an idol ~ La-la-la-la...
FATHER: You must be my kid! A voice that awful has gotta be hereditary.
OTSU AS A CHILD: Just you wait.
FATHER BACK THEN: then there's even hope for the crickets.
FATHER BACK THEN: How 'bout that!
OTSU AS A CHILD: You absolutely mean that?
FATHER: That was thirteen years ago.
FATHER: Not when she knows her pop's a killer.
FATHER: No telling how much she's suffered because of me.
FATHER: She probably doesn't even want to see my face.
FATHER: Sorry for all the trouble.
KAGURA: Gin!
GINTOKI: What's up?
KAGURA: Some guest went kablooey and freaked!
GINTOKI: Speak normally.
GINTOKI: I can't understand a word you're saying.
KAGURA: he was one of those Love-Cannibal-Clan Amanto that captures and feeds on the people he likes when he gets excited.
SHINEITAI: L-O-V-E O-tsu-u!
KAGURA: And that's why I came to report it to you.
GINTOKI: Why're you speaking standard Japanese now?
SHINPACHI: He was one of us?
SHINPACHI: I thought he was some kind of inflatable mascot!
OTSU: I can't. My legs won't move. What'll I do?
SHINPACHI: Wh-Who is that?!
SHINPACHI: Go! We've got to protect Otsu!
OTSU: Hang in there!
OTSU: Hang in there!
MOTHER: What kind of nut are you?  Pulling stunt like that?
OTSU: Uh...who are you?
FATHER: Just a fan of yours.
SHINPACHI: Kagura!
SHINPACHI: Came to help. Four straight weeks at the top.
SHINPACHI: Gin!
GINTOKI: It's time you left the building. All the yakiniku you can eat.
SHINPACHI: Hold it right there!
FATHER: That guy...
GINTOKI: That was all I could find.
OTSU: Um...
FATHER: Idiot. This ain't a farewell.
FATHER: I'll come back to see you again for sure.
CROWD: Over again!
OTSU: I dedicate this song to my father.
OTSU: Your Father is Bleep-Bleep.
OTSU: Please listen. Indian Death Lock.
 GINT: (N)due to the emergence of good-looking foreign hosts.
 GINT: (N)But here are two men sporting their god-given gifts of blonde hair and butt-chin.
 GINT: (N)the two men knife their way through the corrupt streets at night!
SHINPACHI: We're not even doing a show like that!
SHINPACHI: Gin! Please be serious and tell us about the next episode!
GINTOKI: The next episode:  "Responsible Owners Should Clean Up After Their Pets."
GINTOKI: That's all I've got!
HASEGAWA: Let's go.
SHINPACHI: What're you going to do?
SHINPACHI: She even took the 230 yen that you were going to spend on JUMP.
SHINPACHI: I'm counting on you. My household budget is already smelling bad as it is.
KAGURA: So is the breath of all those old guys packed onto the trains.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi?
SHINPACHI: Yes?
GINTOKI: Interested in going out with an older woman?
GINTOKI: Her name's Otose.
SHINPACHI: Who the hell would go out with her!
SHINPACHI: And what do you take a person's youth for?!
GINTOKI: Don't get your panties bunched up.
GINTOKI: Money doesn't come to guys who really want it.
SHINPACHI: That would be you two!
SHINPACHI: Just you guys alone would make anyone's indecisiveness go away!
GINTOKI: Huh? Tube's on the fritz.
NEWSCASTER: Ketsuno is on the scene. Ms. Ketsuno?
GINTOKI: That old hag.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Sorry about that. My mistake. I'll come back another time.
GINTOKI: Sorry. Mom told me not go with strangers.
HASEGAWA: Didn't you learn not to disobey the law?
GINTOKI: You're...with the government?
HASEGAWA: We're with the Immigration Bureau.
SHINPACHI: you're talking about that big shot government official who oversees all Amanto immigration?
KAGURA: A big shot? Does that mean he has a big schlong?
GINTOKI: A beastly one.
HASEGAWA: I heard there were people who would do anything if I piled on the money.
HASEGAWA: I've come to ask you to do a job.
GINTOKI: A job? Are you guys doing yours?
GINTOKI: Look around town. The Amanto are doing whatever they please.
HASEGAWA: And the Amanto already have their networks rooted in the heart of the government.
HASEGAWA: We have to stop dreaming that we can drive them off of the Earth.
HASEGAWA: All we can do is to try to coexist with them.
GINTOKI: And you enjoy doing that?
HASEGAWA: It's a job we can't move on very openly.
HASEGAWA: The fact is the government is in a diplomatic crisis
HASEGAWA: that could have a decisive influence on our country.
HASEGAWA: The prince of the Midland Star is staying here...
HASEGAWA: And the prince has a problem...
HASEGAWA: Hey! Hold on!
HASEGAWA: We're in a bind here.
HASEGAWA: The government borrowed quite a bit of money from his country.
GINTOKI: What do we care? It's your problem.
GINTOKI: then it should go ahead and collapse.
GINTOKI: Then please look for it yourself. Prince Pinhead.
KAGURA: That's what a strong woman of today would do.
SHINPACHI: Can't you handle a problem like that by yourselves?
HASEGAWA: Well... We have our reasons...
GINTOKI: but we haven't lost sight of ourselves to the point where we would wag our tails for the government
GINTOKI: and do their errands for them.
SHINPACHI: That was quick! Let's mull this over a bit more!
HASEGAWA: What I want you to find is this octopus-like alien named Pesu.
HASEGAWA: It's probably wandering around the city.
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter. It can be anything.
KAGURA: It works at speed-dating parties.
KAGURA: What if we set them in that area and wait?
GINTOKI: Huh? Are you some teenager who can't confess his affections?
GINTOKI: Waiting doesn't get you love or help you find an octopus.
GINTOKI: Stop this useless talk. Let's go.
GINJI/KAGURA: It's Pesu!
GINTOKI: Do you look like your father?
KAGURA: Maybe your mother?
SHINPACHI: No! She's a human being!
VANESSA: Are you people making fun of me?
VANESSA: Huh? I'm Vanessa!
VANESSA: Just plain Vanessa if fine!
SHINPACHI: We're supposed to be looking for an alien octopus!
VANESSA: Alien octopus?
SHINPACHI?: Huh? You know one?
VANESSA: a girl who works here said that a stray octopus-alien was caught by the Humane Society.
SHINPACHI: That's...
SHINPACHI: Right.
GINTOKI: No worries. It's more fun to chase than be chased.
GINTOKI: That's why young girls grow up to be adults by falling in love with love.
KAGURA: There!
GINTOKI: Let's go!
GINTOKI: It's a squid.
GINTOKI: We mustn't chase after it too far.
KAGURA: The heart of a teen that runs away from home is also delicate.
KAGURA: Adults don't understand anything.
SHINPACHI: Gin?
GINTOKI: Octopuses like being in jars.
SHINPACHI: You're talking about urns for ashes.
SHINPACHI: You just got tired of searching!
SHINPACHI: Do you know the meaning of the word "responsibility"?
KAGURA: Guys like you always end up getting dumped.
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
KAGURA: Women don't have tails.
GINTOKI: Neither do octopuses.
SHINPACHI: You were the one who said that!
SHINPACHI: I don't believe it! He really fell for it!
GINTOKI: Um...and who might you be?
KAGURA: Vanessa?
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Pesu?
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Get him!
GINTOKI: Hey! Stop shaking!
GINTOKI: You're not some young girl
SHINPACHI: Now what?! We can't get out!
GINTOKI: Fine! Let's just roll around like this.
SHINPACHI: He's fast! Pesu is fast! We'll never catch him like this!
SHINPACHI: Why is this my fault?!
GINTOKI: Look out!
SHINPACHI: Ouch!
SHINPACHI: We squished it!
GINTOKI: Ch-Ch-Chill out and help me find a t-t-time machine.
SHINPACHI: You chill out! And that again?!
GINTOKI: Sorry to keep you waiting. Here's what you asked for.
HASEGAWA: That thing is dead!
GINTOKI: It's all right. It's just at that age when it wants to wear makeup.
GINTOKI: Happens a lot during adolescence.
KAGURA: All we did was flatten it with a jar and it turned out like this.
KAGURA: What a weakling!
HASEGAWA: Flattened it?! You did this?!
HASEGAWA: Just barely alive is the problem!
SHINPACHI: Damage? What do you mean?
SHINPACHI: Hot water?
HASEGAWA: Wh-wh-what are you thinking?!
KAGURA: Enjoying it in a delicious manner is the ultimate memorial service!
HASEGAWA: Y-You idiot.
SHINPACHI: P-Pesu?!
SHINPACHI: No waaaay!
HASEGAWA: Didn't you hear what he just said?!
KAGURA: Yahoo!
KAGURA: I can eat my fill!
HASEGAWA: As if you had anything to be proud of!
KAGURA: Whoa.  It's pretty strong.
SHINPACHI: You never told us it would grow like that!
KAGURA: Give me a second. I'll shut that punk up!
HASEGAWA: Hold on.
HASEGAWA: Don't do anything on your own.
HASEGAWA: Don't injure it more than you already have.
SHINPACHI: Is this that weird creature we saw going on a rampage on TV?!
SHINPACHI: How're we supposed to capture something like this?!
SHINPACHI: He's not attached to you at all!
KAGURA: It must be low on calcium.
SHINPACHI: Oh no! It's headed for the city again!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
GINTOKI: Oh brother.
GINTOKI: We're having octopus sashimi for dinner tonight.
GINTOKI: It's lunchtime!
HASEGAWA: Forget it!
GINTOKI: What was that for?! Is that my brain leaking out?
HASEGAWA: You mustn't hurt it! The prince told us to capture it unharmed!
GINTOKI: Unharmed?! Is that even possible?
HASEGAWA: That's why I hired you! Now make it happen!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
HASEGAWA: I told you not to hurt it!
SHINPACHI: {\i1}Help! It's going to eat me!
GINTOKI: Why you!
HASEGAWA: I knew perfectly well that capturing it unharmed was impossible.
HASEGAWA: That pinhead prince won't get the message until the body count goes up a bit.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Are you listening to me?!
GINTOKI: So you're using my sidekick as pet food to get permission to kill that thing?
GINTOKI: You guys are rotten to the core.
HASEGAWA: I told you.
HASEGAWA: We have no choice but to coexist with them.
HASEGAWA: That's my bushido.
GINTOKI: I see.
HASEGAWA: Wait!
HASEGAWA: It's one human being versus a whole nation.
HASEGAWA: Think about which is more important!
GINTOKI: I don't give a damn about that!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Hold on!
SHINPACHI: Damn it!
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter whether the government collapses or the nation collapses!
GINTOKI: And you enjoy doing that?
HASEGAWA: Shut up.
HASEGAWA: Shut up!
HASEGAWA: I said shut up you freakin' space flounder!
GINTOKI: Was it all right to do that?
HASEGAWA: I can't just let them do anything they please.
SHINPACHI: But you won't be able to police the Amanto anymore.
SHINPACHI: You'll be canned for sure.
GINTOKI: Boy you're dumb.
GINTOKI: People who act on sheer impulse always ruin their lives.
SHINPACHI: Are you even motivated to do this show?
SHINPACHI: It's only been two months since the series started!
SHINPACHI: The next episode: "There Is Butt A Fine Line Between Persistence And Stubbornness"
SHINPACHI: Why is the title of this manga "Gin Tama"?
GINTOKI: Hey, say, did you see this week's Gin Tama?
KAGURA: Takoyaki!
SHINPACHI: Yuck!
CAMERAMAN: Amazing!
HARADA: Huh?
HARADA: Where's Chief Kondo?
HIJIKATA: He's a lot more refined than we are.
HIJIKATA: He said that he didn't want anything to do with a TV expos.
HARADA: Wow. That's what I would have expected him to do!
KONDO: There's no way a girl would go out with me.
KONDO: I'm no good.
OTAE: That's not true.
KONDO: Then let me ask you this...
KONDO: If your boyfriend's...
KONDO: Butt...butt...butt...but will you marry me!
SHINPACHI: What?! Someone asked you to marry him?!
OTAE: I'm serious.
SHINPACHI: So what did you say?
OTAE: He sure took me by surprise!
KONDO: Otae!
OTAE: I had to pop him in the schnoz and make a run for it.
SHINPACHI: R-Really?
SHINPACHI: I'd like to meet a guy like that.
KONDO: Otae!
KONDO: Otae! Marry me!
KONDO: I'm not the kind of man who takes "No" for an answer twice!
KONDO: My mom says women find more happiness in being loved than in loving someone!
KONDO: I...
KONDO: Otae!
KONDO: Won't you just show your angelic face at least?!
KONDO: Otae!
HIJIKATA: Put some spirit into it!
HIJIKATA: Anyone who skips out on morning training will commit seppuku!
YAMAZAKI: This ain't early.
YAMAZAKI: 10 AM is not considered early in the morning!
HIJIKATA: Dimwit!
YAMAZAKI: This isn't spirit. This is stubbornness in disguise.
OKITA: Did he take a leave of absence?
HIJIKATA: Don't lump him in with you!
HIJIKATA: This is Kondo we're talking about. He's probably training by himself.
HARADA: Ahh. That's just what you'd expect from Chief Kondo.
OTAE: It really is a bother.
SHINPACHI: Eggs?! Sis!
SHINPACHI: Eggs again?!
OTAE: Don't be picky. Eggs have nutritional value.
SHINPACHI: I'll cook! You just buy the groceries!
OTAE: Okay.
SHINPACHI: Phew.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Her fried eggs
 SHINPAC: (mono)That's right.
OTAE: Oh well.
SHINPACHI: Go out with me for a hump?
SHINPACHI: What does that mean?!
SHINPACHI: Oh.
KONDO: Otae.
KONDO: I like tennis and scuba diving.
HIJIKATA: Don't run away! Anyone who runs is gonna get chopped!
OKITA: Don't get mad.
OKITA: Just leave this to me.
HIJIKATA: I'm not leaving anything to you!
GINTOKI: How many minutes have passed since the show started?
GINTOKI: Doesn't anyone have a problem with me not being in the show?!
GITOKI: Isn't it?
GITOKI: Hey!
GITOKI: Come on!
GITOKI: Right?!
GITOKI: Huh?!
GITOKI: It would be a flop if it was just "Tama."
GINTOKI: What's the point in calling it Gin Tama if I'm not on screen?!
SHINPACHI: Close up! 24 Hours with the Shinsengumi Elite Police!
GINTOKI: What the hell?!
GINTOKI: I never heard about that!
SHINPACHI: That's because you can't be bothered to get moving.
GINTOKI: Really?!
GINTOKI: Oh!
GINTOKI: This is bad. This is Gin Tama! I'm the star!
GINTOKI: Aren't you glad that someone wants to marry her?
GINTOKI: Get yourself hitched before he discovers what you're really like!
OTAE: What's that supposed to mean?!
OTAE: But... he's shown up no matter where I went.
OTAE: It hit me that he's not normal.
GINTOKI: Chug it.  Please!  I didn't being any cash!
SHINPACHI: Are you two even listening?!
GINTOKI: What? You expect me to do something?
SHINPACHI: I could sue you.
GINTOKI: Can't pay you.  Even if we do go to court.
SHINPACHI: Come on. If you don't find some motivation you're gonna lose your spot as star of the show.
KONDO: What did you say?!
KONDO: Bring it on if you can!
SHINPACHI: He was really here.
SHINPACHI: So you admit you're stalker?
SHINPACHI: Everyone is a stalker in search of love.
SHINPACHI: Listen jerk! A little while ago I saw you getting all chummy with Otae.
SHINPACHI: Just what the hell is your relationship with her?
SHINPACHI: I'm uncontrollably jealous!
OTAE: We're engaged.
OTAE: I'm going to marry him in the fall.
GINTOKI: Really?
OTAE: We're already lovers.  He's defiled me this way and that way and every other way.
OTAE: So give up already.
KONDO: I don't care how skanky you are.
KONDO: I accept you all the same.
OTAE: Huh?
OTAE: I don't love you!
KONDO: It doesn't matter if you're Otae's fianc!
KONDO: I love Otae more than you ever can!
KONDO: I'm calling you out!  Winner takes Otae!
OTAE: I shouldn't have made up such a pointless lie.
SHINPACHI: Indeed. Seems to have just egged him on.
OTAE: And that guy must be pretty strong.
OTAE: Look how relaxed he is right before your duel.
OTAE: Like he's faced certain death many times before.
KAGURA: Don't worry.
OTAE: Try not to kill him.
SHINPACHI: Who are you calling "four-eyes"? He said he had to go to the can!
KONDO: That's awfully confident of him!
MU: You idiot! Can't I drink during the day?
MU: Since when was it against the law?!
MU: Bleep! Bleep!
OKITA: There's no point in putting up a fight. Surrender...
MU: What?! Who're you calling a lush?!
MU: This doesn't even count as drinking.
MU: Boy!
HIJIKATA: Wait.
HIJIKATA: There are cameras.
HIJIKATA: Don't be so quick on the draw.
HIJIKATA: You imbeciles! Let me go!
HIJIKATA: I'm going to drag him around town and cut his head off!
MERCHANT A: What are they doing?
MERCHANT A: A duel? Oh?
MERCHANT A: Don't see that much these days!
KAGURA: Rice crackers and caramel candy.
SHINPACHI: How about a soda?
GINTOKI: Dumbass. I wouldn't run away from an opponent like you.
KONDO: You came!
KONDO: You're late! Were you taking a dump?!
GINTOKI: Taking a dump wouldn't be very heroic.
GINTOKI: I took some sugar.
KONDO: Never heard of a hypoglycemic hero before!
GINTOKI: What a nice sunset.
GINTOKI: Duels are best at sunset.
GINTOKI: You've got some grace for a man with wavy silver hair.
GINTOKI: And you speak pretty well for a gorilla.
GINTOKI: Whatever. Shall we get started?
KONDO: Choose your weapons.
KONDO: Whatever you like.
GINTOKI: This is good enough for me.
GINTOKI: Let's do this.
GINTOKI: I'm going to wager my life instead of Otae's.
GINTOKI: But I'll be out of your way...
GINTOKI: You can court her or whatever you'd like afterwards.
 OTAE (m: (mono)and protect me even if he loses?!
OTAE: Wait!  Stop right there!  Gin!
KONDO: You sure are a man amongst men.
KONDO: I think you're more popular with men than women.
KONDO: Boy!  Lend me your wooden sword!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
KONDO: Let's go!
GINTOKI: A fair...
GINTOKI: duel!
KONDO: Huh?
KONDO: What?!
GITOKI: Hold on a second!  The blade!  The t-t-tip!
KONDO: It's missiiinnggg!
GINTOKI: Sucker...sweeter than Tianjin roasted chestnuts.
GINTOKI: I can't believe you'd accept a weapon from your enemy!
KONDO: You bastard!  You'd go that far?!
GINTOKI: Only a total dork would try to settle something so important like this.
GINTOKI: Isn't it better to just mellow out and talk things through?
KONDO: This is mellowing out?
GINTOKI: Hey. Wha'dya think of my brilliant plan?
KAGURA: I've lost all faith in you!  That's not samurai spirit!
GINTOKI: What are you saying! I defended your sister.
KAGURA: I'm going home!
KAGURA: I never want to see your face again!
SHINPACHI: I'm going on vacation for a while.
 OTAE (m: (mono)Everything ended well.
 OTAE (m: (mono)But it looks like Gin got the worst of it.
GINTOKI: I feel like warmed over kitty litter.
OTAE: What a klutz.
HIJIKATA: What's the fuss?
HIJIKATA: A duel over a woman?
HIJIKATA: How stupid! What idiot would...
HIJIKATA: Chief Kondo.
CAMERAMAN: Chief Kondo?
CAMERAMAN: That's the Shinsengumi's chief...
CAMERAMAN: Isao Kondo?
HIJIKATA: You idiot! What are you filming?!
HIJIKATA: Where's the guy that attacked Chief Kondo?!
HIJIKATA: A silver-haired samurai? You're that guy!
HIJIKATA: The next episode: "Fighting Should Be Done With Fists."
ALL: Ginpachi-sensei!
GINTOKI: Hey. Close your textbooks for a moment.
GINTOKI: Whoever stole it raise your hands.  It's okay to lie!
GINTOKI: if you shove the recorder up your butt and play a chorus of "Please Give Me Wings."
HASEGAWA: You just made up that song title.
GINTOKI: Your head is what's broken.
GINTOKI: That's because I've licked it so much.
GINTOKI: Why do you have two of them?
KONDO: Huh?  Hold on a second.  Are you really going to do it?  Ah!
KONDO: Huh? What's wrong?
HIJIKATA: You'll go at it even if I try to stop them.
ALL: Right!
HIJIKATA: They don't get it.
 HIJI: (M)Do they actually think they can beat someone who challenged Kondo?
SHINPACHI: We're not so lame that we'll succumb to just your fighting spirit.
OLD MAN: Never mind belching. Just get on with it!
 KAGU: (M)Yo! I'm Goku!
GINTOKI: I can hear you guys thinking out loud!
 SHIN: (M)Leave us alone. This is strategy!
 KAGU: (M)How rude! Calling it bad acting.
GINTOKI: They're saying "this anime is hard for kids to understand".
GINTOKI: Dumbass! As if we can lose something like this.
 KAGU: (M)Right. This is one match we cannot lose.
OLD MAN: How'd it turn out like this?
 OLD : (N)Ishida Pierre Genpachisayuemon.
 OLD : (N)He only wants one person.
 OLD : (N)They reacted instantly.
 OLD : (N)The method was
GINTOKI: No matter how I do it...
GINTOKI: Let's do it? Ready!
KAGURA: Howacha!
GINTOKI: Set!
KAGURA: The early hand is victorious!
GINTOKI: Ready? First is...
GINTOKI: Rock.
GINTOKI: Oh man! What? Excuses?
GINTOKI: Again.
GINTOKI: Here we go!
KAGURA: Can't you tell? This is a crab.
GINTOKI: It's better than a stone.
GINTOKI: But you still can't beat mine.
SHINPACHI: Whose family is that supposed to be?
GINTOKI: The kids are still eating.
GINTOKI: Don't give me that! I'm just using my head! Quit acting like a baby!
SHINPACHI: There are rules in the world. Don't you know that?
KAGURA: Rules are made to be broken.
SHINPACHI: Quit kidding around!
GINTOKI: Victory!
SHINPACHI: Whaaaaat?!
OLD MAN: Don't you know?
OLD MAN: To the winner goes the spoils of this job. Be grateful.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Have fun!
SQUAD MEMBER E: Come on out!
OLD MAN: Over here!
OLD MAN: Quit bitching! Haul these supplies to the site.
SQUAD MEMBERB: Th-This is...
SQUAD MEMBERS: There's no rice for samurai like you!
SQUAD MEMBERC: Gotcha! Silver-haired samurai!
SQUAD MEMBER F: H-He's...
BARBER: How would you like it cut?
SQUAD MEMBERS: Just shave it all off!
OLD MAN: Just get with it. There's a mountain of work to be done.
HIJIKATA: What?!
HIJIKATA: They've put signs up all over Edo and now the whole town knows about Kondo's loss?
HIJIKATA: Those morons!
HIJIKATA: What's the sense in telling the whole world your chief lost a duel?
OKITA: What do you want to do?
OKITA: Go where?
OKITA: What? Kill him?
OKITA: You talking about the silver-haired samurai?
OKITA: Every other word you utter is "kill."
OKITA: The lessons of history teach us that nothing good comes from assassination.
HIJIKATA: This isn't assassination.
HIJIKATA: I'll just walk right up to him and cut him down.
OKITA: No need to go that far.
OKITA: Just haul in any old white-haired dude and the troops'll forget all about it!
OKITA: How about this one?
HIJIKATA: What's the point of drawing him looking cool?!
OKITA: You really want to kill that dude?
HIJIKATA: He can't be just anyone if he beat Kondo.
Okita: Found him?
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki found someone who seems to be him.
HIJIKATA: Let's go.
HIJIKATA: Shinsengumi! We have government business!
HIJIKATA: This is...
YAMAZAKI: ...a really...poor samurai?!
HIJIKATA: The only part that's right is "samurai"!
OKITA: A silver-haired samurai.
OLD MAN: You dirtbag! Put your soul into that hammer!
OKITA: Can't find him. I think you don't have enough clues yet.
OKITA: Why don't we go back? "Ladies 4" is gonna start.
HIJIKATA: When'd they switch? There's been a drama rerun at four.
OKITA: I wonder.
HIJIKATA: was none other than Kondo.
HIJIKATA: because of that man.
HIJIKATA: We decided to follow him.
HIJIKATA: Dammit!
HIJIKATA: Say it with more emotion then! Got it?
GINTOKI: Like I'm supposed to listen to a stranger coach me on dramatic delivery!
HIJIKATA: It's... you! The guy from that time at Ikedaya...
HIJIKATA: It's... you! The guy from that time at Ikedaya...
OKITA: He took off!
HIJIKATA: Who you callin' Ogushi?
HIJIKATA: That jerk! He forgets me after just three or four episodes!
GINTOKI: Dammit...
GINTOKI: Bomb?
HIJIKATA: There's no one even in the Shinsengumi who's that crazy.
HIJIKATA: I thought Kondo was invincible
GINTOKI: Kondo?
HIJIKATA: Is she worth it?
KONDO: Hey...the tip...!
GINTOKI: You're friends with gorilla-butt?
GINTOKI: What's the big idea?!
HIJIKATA: He built the Shinsengumi up from nothing with just one sword.
HIJIKATA: He's my brother-in-arms!
HIJIKATA: I won't let anyone shame our unit...
HIJIKATA: ...shall taste his blood!
KAGURA: It's time for Ladies 4!
GINTOKI: Quit...
GINTOKI: ...swinging that sword around!
HIJIKATA: Nuohh!
OLD MAN: Huh? What's going on?
HIJIKATA: I am the police.
 HIJI: (M)I can't figure this guy out.
 HIJI: (M)Far from it... he's not even defending himself with the sword I gave him.
HIJIKATA: Damn!
HIJIKATA: Draw that sword!
HIJIKATA: Killing a guy who won't fight back'll leave a bad taste in my mouth!
HIJIKATA: Hurry up! Draw!
HIJIKATA: Your life or mine!
HIJIKATA: Got him!
HIJIKATA: What?!
 HIJI: (M)Parried! He got me.
HIJIKATA: Hold it!
HIJIKATA: You took mercy on me?
GINTOKI: Mercy?
GINTOKI: You fight when you have something to protect.
HIJIKATA: Protect?
HIJIKATA: Then what did you protect?
GINTOKI: My own rules.
GINTOKI: See ya.
OKITA: That guy's a trip.
OKITA: Wouldn't mind crossing swords with him myself.
GINTOKI: Ginpachi Sensei after these messages!
END CREDITSPREVIEWSHINPACHI: What is this?!
GINTOKI: Huh? You're gonna keep it? No way!
GINTOKI: Mom'll never allow it!
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: Eat Something Sour When You're Tired
GINPACHI: In other words, Gin and Katsura must be way past their thirties now, right?
GINPACHI: The Joi War didn't end in just one year or so.
GINPACHI: The government got scared and were forced to open the country to the Amanto.
GINPACHI: And it is during this time that Gin began his romp.
GINPACHI: And that basically sums up the several decades of the samurai struggle known as
GINPACHI: the "Anti-Foreigner War."
JII [overlap]: Was it you?!
KETSUNO: Ketsuno reporting from the site.
SHINPACHI: Hey?  Are you listening?
KAGURA: I'm back.
SHINPACHI: Welcome back.
SHINPACHI: Didja get toilet paper?
KAGURA: Here you go.
KAGURA: Quit nagging about the toilet paper!
KAGURA: There are poor samurai in this world who use newspaper for toilet paper!
SHINPACHI: There aren't any extremists like that! Who told you that anyway?
KAGURA: Gin said so!
SHINPACHI: You can't trust anything he says.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
SHINPACHI: What?! You're younger than me!
SHINPACHI: What else? Toilet paper.
GINTOKI: Not that! The big white one!
SHINPACHI: Can you quit talking about dirty stuff like "big thing" or "little thing"?
SHINPACHI: Gyaaa! What is this?!
KAGURA: I found it outside. Isn't it cute?
GINTOKI: Forget where it was!
KAGURA: Sadaharu.
SHINPACHI: You just named it! You totally made that name up just now!
KAGURA: This was stuck in his collar.
SHINPACHI: Let's see... To Odd Jobs Gin.
GINTOKI: Is that all?
SHINPACHI: LOL in parenthesis.
GINTOKI: How can I be laughing! I'm "Mad" in parenthesis!
GINTOKI: We're not a charity!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. Sadaharu can manage alone.
SHINPACHI: What do you know about Sadaharu anyway?!
HATA: Earth is so much fun!
JII: What a bother.
HATA: Did you say something?
HATA: You just called me baka.
HATA: Wasn't it you?
HATA: So cute!
JII: This is the Iscandar Elephant from the Great Mazeran Cloud.
HATA: This one better be safe.
JII: The penguin doesn't eat people.
HATA: Are you trying to kill me?!
OKITA: what are we doing out here looking for an animal?
HIJIKATA: But I did hear that it's to be presented during an audience with some VIP who's making a visit here.
HIJIKATA: What the hell are you doing?!
OKITA: Something to present to some VIP.
OKITA: Can you end your sentences with a bow-wow?
HIJIKATA: Not likely!
HIJIKATA: What's this?
SHINPACHI: It's not Shigeo! It's Sadaharu.
SHINPACHI: I said it's Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Sadaharu is so cute! Why don't you like him?
GINTOKI: Men can't believe what women call "cute."
KAGURA: Wearing the kind of glasses an otaku who's into cutesy girls would wear.
SHINPACHI: Who are you calling otaku?!
KAGURA: Just try petting him! I'm sure you'll think he's cute!
GINTOKI: It's heavy.
KAGURA: So you understand how heavy my heart feels now?
SHINPACHI: Th-That's not what he meant.
KAGURA: Being loved is a heavy burden.
GINTOKI: I-I can't breathe...
GINTOKI: It feels like the chocolate coronet I just ate is gonna come out of both ends.
OTOSE: They've been making a racket all day!
SHINPACHI: Kagura! You have to train him!
SHINPACHI: Your mischievous behavior could kill people!
GINTOKI: Sadaharu just made a little debut on my JUMP!
KAGURA: A little debut? You're so modest!
SHINPACHI: He went on to make a major debut on Otsu's debut single!
OTSU: Otsu featuring Sadaharu!
GIN/SHINPACHI: S-Sorry...
GINTOKI: What's up?
OTOSE: I don't have any money to lend you.
GINTOKI: That's not it.
GINTOKI: I came to pay the rent.
OTOSE: What kind of prank is this?
OTOSE: There must be a hidden camera somewhere.
GINTOKI: It's not like that! I just thought I'd at least pay this month's rent.
OTOSE: I don't want it even if it's the cousin of the Dog of Flanders!
SHINPACHI: Plan? Are you sure? Kagura will be very upset.
GINTOKI: It's all right.
SHINPACHI: Do you mean me?! Are you talking about me?!
SHINPACHI: No way! I'll never graduate!
GINTOKI: Let's go!
HIJIKATA: It should be around here.
OKITA: Hijikata...
HIJIKATA: What're you doing?
OKITA: Watch out.
HIJIKATA: Wh-What?! It's him!
KAGURA: Mmm... Huh? Sadaharu?
GINTOKI: He's finally settled down.
SHINPACHI: What're we gonna do?
SHINPACHI: I doubt there's anyone who wants to adopt Sadaharu.
GINTOKI: Don't worry. I have an idea.
SHINPACHI: Wahh! Another debut!
SHINPACHI: My house is your idea?!
SHINPACHI: You plan to dump off Sadaharu at my place?!
SHINPACHI: You took care of that the other day!
GINTOKI: We help each other out when we can.
GINTOKI: Don't bite!
OTAE: Oh?
OTAE: What are you two doing?
KAGURA: Sheesh! Where'd Sadaharu and Gin go?
OTAE: We already have a useless adolescent boy.
SHINPACHI: Isn't "useless" a bit harsh?
KAGURA: What do you mean by that?!
KAGURA: While my back was turned!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Come here!
GINTOKI: I wonder why it just won't take to us?
SHINPACHI: It knows that we're trying to get rid of him.
SHINPACHI: It's the instinct of the wild.
KAGURA: Quit playing around!
SHINPACHI: Yep.
KAGURA: There!
GINTOKI: You seem to be having fun.
KAGURA: Yup!
KAGURA: I love animals.
KAGURA: All girls love cute things. Don't need a reason for that.
GINTOKI: That's cute?
KAGURA: This is the first time an animal has gotten so attached to me!
KAGURA: I...
KAGURA: Sadaharu No.1!
 KAGU: (N)Sadaharu No.1 was super cute and I loved him so much.
 KAGU: (N)I had a nightmare and thrashed around all night.
 KAGU: (N)It was a terrible nightmare and when I woke up...
 SHIN: (M)Should I be laughing or crying?
KAGURA: But maybe this Sadaharu and I will make a good pair.
KAGURA: I forgot I'm out of pickled seaweed. I'm gonna go and buy some.
KAGURA: Take care of Sadaharu for me!
SHINPACHI: G-G-Gin!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
SHINPACHI: H-Help!
GINTOKI: I'm saved!
SHINPACHI: He looks cute sleeping like that.
GINTOKI: He's a demon in a dog's clothing.
GINTOKI: Huh? You guys?
GINTOKI: What's up with you? Don't you even work during the day?
GINTOKI: Looking for a companion to have fun with?
GINTOKI: That fight you picked last time? I gave it right back to you.
HIJIKATA: Fine!
OKITA: By the way... Is that your dog?
GINTOKI: It's not really my dog. Why you asking?
HIJIKATA: Don't go off talking without me!
OKITA: There's a certain someone connected to the upper ranks of the government
OKITA: who's interested in animals like that.
GINTOKI: Forget it. I wouldn't give it to guys like you.
HIJIKATA: You're forgetting that I'm standing right here!
OKITA: I think you'll just have to end your sentences with bow-wow.
HIJIKATA: As if!
GINTOKI: Naw...
GINTOKI: I just don't like doing what I'm told.
PRINCE: Oh...There's no animal that catches my eye.
JII: You are right.
PRINCE: Isn't there anything we can do?
JII: Look out!
PRINCE: Jii!
PRINCE: What have you done?!
JII: I will go and find a time machine.
PRINCE: Wh-What is this?!
PRINCE: Jii! Look at this!
JII: Did you find a time machine?!
PRINCE: No! You old geezer!
JII: This is...a Dog God! What a rare species.
PRINCE: Do you have a rope?
JII: We're behaving like common criminals.
PRINCE: This is conservation! I can't allow such a precious specimen to stay in the wild!
PRINCE: I've added to my collection again!
KAGURAKAGURA: Deer poop...
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
PRINCE: with that silver-haired man and that weird girl.
JII: Absolutely.
JII: A-A zombie!
JII: Y-You again!
GINTOKI: but cut me some slack on this one here.
GINTOKI: Seems she's really taken a liking to that thing.
JII: What are you blabbering about?! Move!
JII: Wha--?!
PRINCE: What's the matter?
JII: A weird kid is approaching at tremendous speed!
KAGURA: Give back Sadaharu!
PRINCE: Who is Sadaharu?!
JII: St-Stay back!
KAGURA: I forgot Sadaharu was on the car.
 KAGU: (M)Sadaharu!
KAGURA: I've gone and...done it...all over again.
GINTOKI: What are you so sad about?
KAGURA: Gin! Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
GINTOKI: Hell if I know.
PRINCE: Let's not come to Earth anymore.
JII: I agree.
GINTOKI: Find a poster girl from a dango shop?
GINTOKI: And you're telling me it's from fifty years ago?!
GINTOKI: Ah... Don't go thinkin' there's always some bonus feature for you at the end!
SHINPACHI: Quit paraphrasing life like it's a folk song!
KAGURA: Father-yo! Mother-yo! Hey-hey-ho!
GINTOKI: I chalk it up to calcium deficiency.
OLD MAN: I drank a lot of it when I was young.
OLD MAN: With the gals in tow.
NURSE: How dare you?!
OLD MAN: So much strawberry milk isn't good for you.
Dialogue: 0,0:04:18.13,0:04:21.31,Main01,OLD MAN,0000,0000,0000,,Drink coffee milk once in a while, is what she'd say.
OLD MAN: It's been a long time since I've seen a "Strawberry Milky" like you!
GINTOKI: Strawberry Milky?
OLD MAN: Right.
OLD MAN: A man who puts his honor on the line
OLD MAN: and keeps drinking strawberry milk is known to all as Strawberry Milky!
OLD MAN: Odd Jobs?
GINTOKI: And we'd better get going. We've got work to do.
OLD MAN: Odd Jobs?
OLD MAN: Odd Jobs!
KAGURA: This is bad! It's like the emergency bell went off inside him.
SHINPACHI: Who's Hamada?
OLD MAN: That means you'll do any kind of odd job for anyone?
SHINPACHI: I can't bring you back from the edge of the grave!
OLD MAN: I want you to find the owner of this hair ornament.
SHINPACHI: Why is that?
OLD MAN: She was my first l-o-v-e.
OLD MAN: I've spent all my days chasing tail the whole time.
SHINPACHI: Both of you? Pathetic!
OLD MAN: Laugh if you want.
OLD MAN: An old man like me would yearn for love on his deathbed.
SHINPACHI: I'm not laughing...
OLD MAN: She was so beautiful...
OLD MAN: She always wore the kanzashi and worked hard every day.
OLD MAN: She was the talk of the town.
MEN: Ayano!
OLD MAN: Every man was in love with her.
OLD MAN: And they all went to the shop where she worked and got fat eating dumplings.
 OLD : (N)All I could do was lurk behind corners to catch a glimpse of her.
 OLD : (N)Then one day...
AYANO: I see you've come to visit again.
AYANO: Don't be shy! Come over here.
AYANO: You're always watching from over there.
AYANO: I see you every time.
 OLD : (N)Those were the first words Ayano uttered to me.
 OLD : (N)But right after that...
AYANO: You must really like it.
AYANO: Here you go.
 OLD : (N)She had no idea how I felt about her.
 OLD : (N)Which was probably a stroke of luck.
AYANO: Are you all right?!
 OLD : (N)I pulled myself together and run away.
 OLD : (N)When I regained my senses...
 OLD : (N)and somehow I had grabbed her hair ornament on the way.
OLD MAN: I want you to find her.
OLD MAN: I have money.
GINTOKI: We can't turn down an old man's request.
SHINPACHI: You look like you're trying hard not to look so happy!
GINTOKI: You're gonna take good care of our client!
GINTOKI: You put your heart and soul into this!
SHINPACHI: Excuse me? I'm still a patient here.
GINTOKI: You fool!
SHINPACHI: Huh? Why am I the hapless youth in this?
KAGURA: Is "fortune" better than pickled seaweed?
GINTOKI: It's even better than a family pack of pickled seaweed.
KAGURA: Wow!
SHINPACHI: Hey!
STORE CLERK: Kanzashi Dango Shop?
STORE CLERK: Never heard of the place.
GINTOKI: You're worse than a chicken.
STORE CLERK: The last time you paid was 219 days ago.
STORE CLERK: and amazake and kinako dumplings 202 days ago...
GINTOKI: And what?
GINTOKI:  Are you like those kids who can memorize every stop on the Tokaido line from Tokyo?
GINTOKI: You'd be more popular with chicks if you learn the formula for pi.
STORE CLERK: Huh? For real?!
STORE CLERK: Wait! Which is better?! Being able to name the chief secretaries of Russia or the shoguns?!
SHINPACHI: I bought it. Your JUMP and Weekly Playboy.
OLD MAN: I see.
OLD MAN: Then call Mai and Ayumi.
OLD MAN: Then I want you to buy me some fruit-flavored milk and a fried shrimp sandwich.
OLD MAN: You've got to have fruit-flavored milk with a fried shrimp sandwich.
OLD MAN: Don't you know even that?
SHINPACHI: Why do all the people around me have their own rules?!
OLD MAN: I see three options.
OLD MAN: 1. Read your palm.
OLD MAN: 2. Hold hands.
OLD MAN: 3. Paper.
SHINPACHI: Money! Pay up! Do you know how much I've spent on you so far?!
OLD MAN: How sad. Are you some money-cursing ghost?!
SHINPACHI: And that's just unbelievable.
SHINPACHI: The photos in Playboy go from large to small.
SHINPACHI: Why doesn't he look at them in order?! I can't believe he skipped pages!
NURSE B: Just shake that head of his.
NURSE B: It'd be a different story if we got tips for this.
NURSE A: Not gonna happen.
NURSE A: Even his hospital bills have piled up for months. He's famous for being broke.
SHINPACHI: Why that old pervert.
GIN/KAGURA: Money!
GINTOKI: How dare you?!
OLD MAN: Are you trying to ruin an old man's dream all because of a little thing like money?
KAGURA: How dare you say such a thing!
SHINPACHI: I'm taking the JUMP. I wanna know what happens in the tenth issue.
GINTOKI: So that's it. No hard feelings eh?
OLD MAN: ...I'm a very sick old pervert.
OLD MAN: Reika says my hollow cheeks are irresistible.
OLD MAN: Who was it that said something about being oppressed with sorrow?
GINTOKI: Your pallor... Are you really?
OLD MAN: There's more to the dumpling story. Will you listen?
OLD MAN: I did a terrible thing. Now it's too late to apologize.
OLD MAN: I wanted to at least return her hair ornament before I died.
GINTOKI: Let's go.
SHINPACHI: We're leaving?
GINTOKI: We're going to find the owner of the hair ornament.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Huh?
GINTOKI: Listen.
GINTOKI: Let's say you drink too much strawberry milk during the day
GINTOKI: and wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.
GINTOKI: Anguish! Worry! Trouble!
GINTOKI: You make up your mind and go to the toilet!
GINTOKI: You stand in front of the john! You let loose!
GINTOKI: All that pent-up feeling being released!
GINTOKI: That warm feeling spreads between your thighs. But it won't stop. You can't stop!
KAGURA: Strawberry Milky!
SHINPACHI: That's it...
PEOPLE: Strawberry Milky!
KAGURA: Strawberry Milky! Strawberry Milky!
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Strawberry Milky! Strawberry Milky!
SHINPACHI: But how are we gonna track down the owner of a common hair ornament?
KAGURA: I have an idea.
SHINPACHI: What do you mean "chew this up all you like"?! Who is "this"?
KAGURA: Smile.
SHINPACHI: What kind of smile is that?!
SHINPACHI: It's been fifty years! There's no scent left on it.
KAGURA: Who knows? Maybe Ayano had strong B.O.?
SHINPACHI: What?! Body odor?
SHINPACHI: Is that a fetish?
GINTOKI: Huh?! Hey! You led us back home!
GINTOKI: What is it? You're supposed to pee outside! Life is all about hit-and-run!
SHINPACHI: No way...
OTOSE: Whatcha want?
OTOSE: Came to pay the rent?
GINTOKI: She doesn't look like an Ayano.
OTOSE: How do you know my real name?
GIN/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Wha?!
SHINPACHI: My head is gonna explode! I can't understand her words?!
KAGURA: No way are you Ayano!
OTOSE: Heey!! You callin' me a battle axe?!
OTOSE: Otose is an alias. My professional name.
OTOSE: My real name is Ayano Terada.
OTOSE: Yes? Otose Snack Shop.
OTOSE: What? Odd Jobs?
OTOSE: It's a call for you from Oedo Hospital.
OTOSE: Something about an old man in critical condition.
OTOSE: Someone you know in the hospital?
JAIJIEN: His condition is critical. He's nearing his end.
HEAD NURSE: He had an untreatable heart condition.
JAIJIEN: but not a single one of them has come to his bedside. How sad.
PEOPLE: Look out! It's a runaway horse!
TOWNSPEOPLE: Watch out!
TOWN GIRL: Damn it!
KAGURA: Forget it.
SHINPACHI: That was a person! Maybe a person. It was a person!
GINTOKI: Nah.
KAGURA: I think it was a pebble or a cottonball.
OTOSE: You guys are awful.
JAIJIEN: It's time.
GINTOKI: Old man!
JAIJIEN: Wh-Who are you people?!
GINTOKI: Strawberry Milky has a promise to keep to a comrade.
GINTOKI: I brought her to you.
HEAD NURSE: D-Dr. Jaijien! He's conscious!
JAIJIEN: What?!
JAIJIEN: A-A giant white beast!
HEAD NURSE: Doctor!
OLD MAN: Ayano...
OLD MAN: You look great with that kanzashi.
AYANO: Thank you for returning it.
SHINPACHI: But...he looked happy.
GINTOKI: Did you actually remember him?
OTOSE: Remember what?
GINTOKI: I mean...
OTOSE: I wonder...
AYANO: And now...
AYANO: ...why don't we go have some dumplings?
GINTOKI: Y-Yeah.
GINTOKI: A cat-eared character debuts!
GINTOKI: What? Are our ratings so bad that we need blatant moe pandering?
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: People Who Make Good First Impressions Usually Suck
OTOSE: Battleship Ayano!
CATHERINE: Meow.
OTOSE: Are you hungry?
OTOSE: Can't your mouth say anything other than "wait on the rent"?
OTOSE: I'm sick and tired of hearing that.
OTOSE: Such a useless mouth. You should sew it shut!
OTOSE: Shall I do it for you? With a kite string and a needle?
GINTOKI: Go away! My mouth is for strawberry milk and chocolate parfaits.
GINTOKI: My life is more important than rent.
OTOSE: You're an idiot.
OTOSE: An idiot with "stupid" on top for good measure.
KAGURA: Extra helpings?
GINTOKI: Stop drinking your rice!
KAGURA: It's a pearl of wisdom from my grandmother.
OTOSE: Are you trying to suck up to me?
GINTOKI: but in your case...
SHINPACHI: Oh!
GINTOKI: You fool!
OTOSE: I'll add it separately to your rent.
SHINPACHI: N-No way...
GINTOKI: I never could reach around back there.
OTOSE: I didn't mean it literally.
KAGURA: Dried foods make me thirsty.
CATHERINE: Yes.
SHINPACHI: Why drink oolong tea here when you can get it at the supermarket
SHINPACHI: in a plastic bottle for 358 yen?!
SHINPACHI: That's as outrageous as some rich guy who burns a wad of bills
SHINPACHI: in the foyer looking for his shoes!
SHINPACHI: Not that we ever had any.
SHINPACHI: We could work honest jobs!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
SHINPACHI: Or we could seriously walk out on our bills!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
GINTOKI: Calm down.
SHINPACHI: How apathetic can you be?!
SHINPACHI: much less have the courage to stand up to something!
SHINPACHI: You haven't done anything about the rent!
KAGURA: Pipe down.
OTOSE: Good grief.
SHINPACHI: Blood! Blood!
SHINPACHI: Blood!
CATHERINE: Uh...are you all right?
CATHERINE: Press on it with this.
GINTOKI: Haven't seen your face before.  You new here?
CATHERINE: Yes. I've been working here from a while back. I'm Catherine.
OTOSE: She came to earth to make some money.
CATHERINE: Pleased to meetchu.
CATHERINE: It's no big deal at all.
GINTOKI: That's impressive.
GINTOKI: And she even has a great sense of humor.
SHINPACHI: Oh? Really?
GINTOKI: Someone around here has absolutely no talent for humor.
GINTOKI: The other one lives only to satisfy her hunger.
KAGURA: I can't eat any more.
EVERYONE: Of course not.
GINTOKI: but hang in there.
CATHERINE: Thank you very much.
MAMA: Come back soon.
MAMA: You golden parachute bastard!
MAMA: The money!
RAMEN PEDDLER: Th-The money...
HOST A: The money!
SHINPACHI: I'm so hungry...so hungry.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: You probably have food there.
SHINPACHI: My sister is home today.
OTAE: and fried egg and fried egg.
SHINPACHI: Sis's fried eggs make me see things I'm not supposed to see.
SHINPACHI: A kind of canned herring called Surstrmming
SHINPACHI: has a smell that even cats run away from.
SHINPACHI: There are so many delicious things in the world.
SHINPACHI: What the?!
SHINPACHI: Our emergency funds!
SHINPACHI: That borderline-diabetic rat bastard!
MU: I thought I got into a really great company!
MU: At that time anyway.
MU: Huh? Where're my cigarettes?
OTOSE: Oh come now. You just sent Catherine out to buy some.
MU: What? Did I?
GINTOKI: Hey.
GINTOKI: On an errand? That old hag is a real taskmaster.
GINTOKI: I see.
CATHERINE: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: like a garbage dump where the trash piles up.
GINTOKI: What I want to say is...
GINTOKI: In the same pot...pan...spoon.
CATHERINE: I understand.
GINTOKI: What's it to you?
GINTOKI: So?
OTOSE: Did something happen?
GINTOKI: That's pretty troubling.
SHINPACHI: Says the thief who stole the money!
GINTOKI: She's your suspect.
GINTOKI: What the hell did you do that for?!
KAGURA: Man who makes bad jokes get finger broken.
GINTOKI: Never heard of that!
GINTOKI: I was just trying to show you a way to return to your hometown for free.
GINTOKI: You're in no position to be choosy!
LAUNCH STAFF A: 5...4...3...2...1...
LAUNCH STAFF B: No!
LAUNCH STAFF A: Zero!
KAGURA: Did that on the trip here!
KAGURA: I'll manage!
SHINPACHI: That's a cold calculation.
GINTOKI: I'll be fine.
KAGURA: I'm not a cockroach!
GINTOKI: How dare you say that!
GINTOKI: Apologize to the cockroaches!
KAGURA: No way!
GINTOKI: The inside of my mouth tastes awful!
GINTOKI: I shouldn't drink sweet milk beverages just before going to bed.
GINTOKI: But I'm going down the steps.
GINTOKI: Why am I doing my own two-man comedy routine?
GINTOKI: What? Working overtime?
GINTOKI: Couldn't be.
SHINPACHI: I'm starving.
SHINPACHI: I'm sooooo sorry!
SHINPACHI: Forgive me for interrupting your midnight tryst!
GINTOKI: Hey.
KAGURA: Dopes.
KAGURA: Prostrate yourselves before my power.
GINTOKI: You're sleepwalking.
KAGURA: How empty a man's life is.
GINTOKI: Hey!
SHINPACHI: So what evil sheriff was that?
KAGURA: Huh?
GINTOKI: That looks like my scooter.
CATHERINE: You're all good people.
SHINPACHI: That's the bar's cash register!
OTOSE: What the hell are you doing at this hour of the night?
OTOSE: Catherine?!
CATHERINE: Moor-ons!
GINTOKI: That ugly pig-faced cow!
DRIVER: Wh-What the?!
HOST: Give me a break!
SHINPACHI: Just a minute. What're you guys doing?
SHINPACHI: Where are you going?
SHINPACHI: Waaaaaait!
DRIVER: They're gone.
DRIVER: They drove off! Dammit!
HOST: Shut up! Old hag!
RAMEN PEDDLER: What's that?
SHINPACHI: I hate cats!
SHINPACHI: Hey! I think we just moved past Catherine in the felony count!
KAGURA: There!
KAGURA: Catherine!
KAGURA: Die!
KAGURA: Cath...er...ine!
KAGURA: Deaaatthhhhh!
KAGURA/GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: What? What?!
OTOSE: Too bad.
OTOSE: I rather liked you.
CATHERINE: Otose. You're a good person. But you're such a dope.
CATHERINE: It's okay to like helping people.
OTOSE: It's part of my character.  Too late to change.
OTOSE: It's how I got to meet some interesting people.
OTOSE: Want to hear about it?
GINTOKI: Mind if I eat those dumplings?
OTOSE: These aren't for me. I gave them to my husband. Ask him.
GINTOKI: Oh yeah?
OTOSE: What did my husband say?
CATHERINE: Don't know.
CATHERINE: I have no interest in the rambling of strangers.
GINTOKI: Dead men don't talk, he said.
GINTOKI: I won't ever forget this debt.
GINTOKI: After all, you're an old lady. Probably going to kick the bucket soon.
OTOSE: But until that happens, I'll watch over her for you, he said.
OTOSE: You're going to watch over me?
GINTOKI: Nice way to show her gratitude to you for giving her a job.
OTOSE: Like someone who lives on the second floor of someone's house without paying rent?
OTOSE: You're talking nonsense.
OTOSE: You turned out to be quite the stray cat.
GINTOKI: You hit the nail on the head.
OTOSE: It's too late for you to change now.
OTOSE: I'll let you have some leftovers.
GINTOKI: It's the first time I've seen you not get angry when someone called you a fool.
OTOSE: I have my moments.
GINTOKI: You serious?!
GINTOKI: Yippee! Yippee!
OTOSE: Stop trying to act cute.
RYOKO KINOMIYA: A light and fleeting act of compassion...
GINTOKI: we got involved in a tight situation.
BIRD ALIEN: Who would give their kid a crappy name like that?!
BIRD ALIEN: Hey! Are you messing with me?!
GINTOKI: She's just some slut who's probably camping out some dude's house.
GINTOKI: This is retarded.
GINTOKI: I can't take this job seriously.
GINTOKI: Let's buy a big ham and give it to her dad.
GINTOKI: He'll never know the difference.
SHINPACHI: There's no way you could do that!
SHINPACHI: And how long are you going to keep milking that ham joke!
DARAKU: You have the gall to walk around with dust on your shoulder.
 SHIN: (M)Who was that guy?
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
KAGURA: I'm bo-red!  This fella looks kinda like her.  Let's use him.
SHINPACHI: Hah? Going through a rebellious stage?
KAGURA: Ham-man!
 SHIN: (M)This dude...he's not drunk.
BIRD ALIEN: I'll take it from here. You people go away.
SHINPACHI: Shabu shabu?
KAGURA: Isn't that that high-leg place?
BIRD ALIEN: There's a new drug on the streets.
GINTOKI: I'm never drinking again.
GINTOKI: Who should I swear to?
GINTOKI: I'll swear to that hot weather girl.
HAMUKO: Give me the usual.
GINTOKI: Huh?
HAMUKO: I said hurry up and give me the usual stuff!
HAMUKO: Don't jerk me around!
GINTOKI: Huh? Tell the cops? Hold on a minute.
GINTOKI: Not that I care...But about what?
WALL-EYED ALIEN: Who the hell are you?
SHINPACHI: Gin sure is taking long.
SHINPACHI: I've got a bad feeling about this place...
SHINPACHI: We should leave as soon as we can.
KAGURA: I'll go find him.
HEAVILY BEARDED ALIEN: Are you the jerks who've been snooping around here?
SHINPACHI: Wh-Who are you guys?
NAMIHEI CUT ALIEN: Don't play dumb with us.
HEAVILY BEARDED ALIEN: how frightening the Harusame space pirates can be!
HAMUKO: Give it to me. Hurry!
GINTOKI: Hammy!
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
GINTOKI: you got caught up with the worst of them all.
OCTOPUS ALIEN: Whatta we do?
DARAKU: Damn! Can't get it off.
DARAKU: This jacket is tailored!
DARAKU: I told you not to bother me when I'm grooming!
DARAKU: just take care of it.
DARAKU: Do it snappily and let's go back.
DARAKU: I'm not really a violent mysoginist.
DARAKU: 1. People who interfere with my work.
DARAKU: 3. Scuzzy-looking people with naturally wavy hair.
DARAKU: And you're...
GINTOKI: I'm honored.
GINTOKI: how 'bout I tell you the three kinds of people I can't stand?
GINTOKI: First!
GINTOKI: Girls who get hysterical while preparing for school festivals!
GINTOKI: Second!
GINTOKI: Totally dumbass guys who take advantage of that and pretend to get all excited about festivals!
GINTOKI: Third!
GINTOKI: Teachers who smile and condescendingly embrace it all.
GINTOKI: Better than yours.
DARAKU: Pushing?
GINTOKI: I see.
GINTOKI: There aren't enough toilets.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Kagura! Hey! What're they doing?!
GINTOKI: Bastards! What did you do to them?!
DARAKU: You disgust me.
DARAKU: Dirty again. It's definitely ruined now.
GINTOKI: Hang in there!
GINTOKI: I won't let you die on me.
SKULL: Get rid of it. Dump him.
SKULL: You don't have what it takes to rescue anyone.
SKULL: All you do is lash out at whatever's in front of you.
SKULL: Nothing but a mountain of corpses.
SKULL: Just throw it all away. Take the easy road.
SKULL B: There's nothing you can protect!
KATSURA: It's unlike you to be having a nightmare.
GINTOKI: Zura? What the hell are you doing here?
GINTOKI: I remember now!
KATSURA: Better not strain yourself.
KATSURA: She looks okay on the outside. You broke her fall.
KATSURA: But her entire body has been ravaged by drugs.
GINTOKI: Stupid kid...
KATSURA: But what were you doing in a dive like that?
KATSURA: Speaking of which...
KATSURA: ...are you familiar with this?
KATSURA: It's an illegal drug called "Paradise" that's been going around lately.
KATSURA: It's made from a flower that grows only on a remote planet.
KATSURA: The Anti-Amanto party is working on digging out this evil by its roots.
KATSURA: That's apparently where you fell into all of this.
KATSURA: Who knows what would have happened to you if my men hadn't found you.
KATSURA: But what were you doing in a dive like that?
KATSURA: The Harusame space pirates.
KATSURA: Their main source of income is profits from the sale of illegal drugs.
KATSURA: The very tips of their tentacles have reached Earth.
KATSURA: We can't rely on the government police. They're totally corrupted by the Amanto.
KATSURA: They were able to corner even you.
KATSURA: We might be acting prematurely.
KATSURA: Are you listening?
GINTOKI: They kidnapped my friends. I can't afford to rest and bide my time.
KATSURA: You think you can beat them in your condition?
GINTOKI: A man's life is like traveling a long road with a load on his shoulders.
GINTOKI: It's not really a burden.
GINTOKI: It's only after it slips out of your hands that you realize how heavy it was in the first place.
GINTOKI: I'd feel so much better if I just got rid of it.
KATSURA: I guess there's no point in arguing.
KATSURA: I still owe you a favor from Ikedaya.
KATSURA: You can't carry that load with just one hand.
 SHIN: (M)Where is this place?
 SHIN: (M)What am I doing right now?
FROG ALIEN: Are these the ones who were snooping around?
DARAKU: Yeah.
DARAKU: They fell right into it.
DARAKU: They are most likely rebels who hate the Amanto.
FROG ALIEN: Ribbit. Ribbit.
DARAKU: but we got rid of him together with a loud-mouthed customer.
FROG ALIEN: I told you not to attract too much attention.
FROG ALIEN: The leader is probably that man named Katsura.
MOHI ALIEN: There are some weirdos outside.
DARAKU: Weirdos?
SIDEBURNS ALIEN: I'm telling you again...we don't need any of your crap!
GINTOKI: Aw c'mon.
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Captain Katsura.
GINTOKI: We wanna search for the lost treasure: "One Park."
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Captain Katsura.
SIDEBURNS ALIEN: Never heard of it. Go find it yourselves.
GINTOKI: Don't be like that. My hand's a hook.
GINTOKI: I can only be a pirate or coat hanger.
SIDEBURNS ALIEN: Whatever. You go be whatever you want to be.
GINTOKI: At least give us an interview.
CHIN ALIEN: Sleepy time's over!
CHIN ALIEN: You're so young. Such a shame you got captured by pirates!
SHINPACHI: Kagura!
DARAKU: I hate filthy scum who interfere with my business.
DARAKU: So now I want to clean out you pesky rats.
SHINPACHI: What're you talking about?!
DARAKU: Don't play dumb. We know you're a rebel.
BACK VIEW ALIEN: Tell us where your secret base of operations is!
SHINPACHI: What're you guys talking about?!
SHINPACHI: You guys get out!
SHINPACHI: Kagura!
KAGURA: Don't want to get in your way.
KAGURA: Bye-bye.
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
GINTOKI: Oww... My wound opened up.
GINTOKI: Uh... Is this where the interview is being held?
GINTOKI: My hobby is eating sugar.
GINTOKI: My special talent is being able to sleep with my eyes open.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Gin!
DARAKU: What the?!
GOGGLE ALIEN: Daraku! There was an explosion in the storeroom!
CAT ALIEN: The Paradises!
KATSURA: My work here is done.
DARAKU: You're...Katsura!
KATSURA: No!
KATSURA: I'm Captain Katsura!
KATSURAGORILLA ALIEN: It's Katsura! Get him!
GINTOKI: Yeah? So What? You won't be around to see it.
GINTOKI: is my country!
GINTOKI: Anyone who comes here and messes with my people
GINTOKI: I'll cut 'em all down!
DARAKU: You know...
DARAKU: but you're pretty clean.
KAGURA: I'm dizzy from too much sun.
KAGURA: Carry me.
KAGURA: That's right! Boozy!
GINTOKI: I can't stand you guys. I'm going on home.
GINTOKI: What a miraculous recovery! Damn you!
SHINPACHI: Sushi for me.
GINTOKI: Stupid! You don't get that except on your birthday.
FATHER: Kimiko... Kimiko!
FATHER: I'm so glad you're safe! Kimiko!
GINTOKI: This is Gintoki.
KATSURA: Did I mess up the punchline?
OKITA: When did I ever treat work with contempt?
HIJIKATA: Fine! We'll fight right now-draw your sword!
KONDO: Why're you playing around on duty?!
 TOAD ALI: (KINYA)You're the loudest of them all!
KONDO: We're sorry.
OKITA: What's with that guy? We're the ones putting our lives on the line to guard him!
HIJIKATA: You were asleep.
KONDO: We wouldn't be here if it weren't for the Shogunate.
KONDO: It is a samurai's cherished ambition to repay a debt with loyalty!
OKITA: But they might be in cahoots with the pirates.
HIJIKATA: I'm always enthusiastic.
OKITA: Look at them. They've all lost interest.
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!
KONDO: That's the way a man should live his life.
OKITAKONDOKONDO: Just a minute!
KONDO: Please don't go out on your own!
TOAD ALIEN: Enough! I'm sick of living cooped up in here!
KONDO: Your life is in danger. Do you understand?
TOAD ALIEN: What's the difference when apes like you are guarding me!
KONDOKONDO: We may be apes but we're apes with the steely souls of Bushido!
KONDOKONDO: Don't underestimate us!
TOAD ALIEN: What're you talking about? You're nothing but a country bumpkin samurai!
KONDO: Huh? Rakuda?
KONDOKONDO: Look out!
MEMBER: Chief!
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!
OKITA: Kondo! Hang on!
TOAD ALIEN: Hmph. Even an ape is useful as a primate shield.
OKITAOKITAHIJIKATA: Don't do it.
OKITAYAMAZAKI: The sniper belonged to the Anti-Amanto ronin group known as the "Back to the Stars Faction."
HIJIKATA: Is that so?
HIJIKATA: I'll have to start over again.
HARADA: Vice-chief!
HARADA: The bastard thinks humans are nothing but trash.
HIJIKATAYAMAZAKI: To be protecting a guy like that...
HIJIKATA: Hmph... A bit late for that.
SQUADHIJIKATA: The Shogunate doesn't even serve humanity now.
SQUADHIJIKATA: We knew that a long time ago.
HIJIKATA: So why do you lend your sword?
HIJIKATA: Is it to protect the Shogunate?
HIJIKATA: Not me...
HIJIKATA: Remember those days when we were like thugs.
HIJIKATA: Uneducated rogues who knew nothing but how to swing a sword?
YAMAZAKI/SQUADHIJIKATA: Who was it that refused to forsake us even after the order to outlaw swords was issued?
YAMAZAKI/SQUADHIJIKATA: After we lost our dojo and were stripped of our swords?
SQUADHIJIKATA: Who was it who gave us back our swords?
HIJIKATA: He's been our only boss since then.
HIJIKATAOKITAHIJIKATA: What're you doing?! Hey!
OKITA: Don't worry. He isn't dead.
TOAD ALIENOKITA: I'm being proactive.
TOAD ALIEN: Rogues! Don't think you can get away with this!
OKITA: But he's just too much of a nice guy.
OKITA: the Shinsengumi has just the right balance.
TOAD ALIENTOAD ALIENTOAD ALIENSAMURAI: Prepare for your reckoning!
SAMURAI: Scoundrel!
OKITA: See? My plan is flawless.
HIJIKATA: Lets kick the crap out of them!
KONDO: You guys are so quick to jump into a fight.
OKITA/HIJIKATAKONDO: Don't let Toshi and Sogo have all the fun!
KONDO: Protect the stupid toad!
HIJIKATA/OKITAHIJIKATA: Let's go!
KAGURA: The Shinsengumi showed their mettle by arresting anti-Amanto ronin en masse.
KAGURA: Shock at Shogunate VIP's collusion with crime syndicate...
GINTOKI: Huh?
KAGURA: What's "collision" mean?
 CAPTION (PART B: (PART B TITLE)["You Only Gotta Wash Under Your Armpits - Just the Armpits"]
YO: You're an unfamiliar face. Where're you from?
KEN: This park belongs to Yo... Emperor of Kabukicho!
PRINCESS SOYO: What's that? "Dorky-man"?
YO/KENKAGURA: You're thinking of "Gory-man."
YO: It bit me!
KEN: Y...You...
YO: A year's supply? I don't even know how much you eat in one day!
KEN: Damn you! We won't forget this!
KEN: We won't forget this!
KAGURA: Hmph. Small fry.
PRINCESS SOYO: Thank you very much.
KAGURA: Don't mention it.
PRINCESS SOYO: Please wait.
KAGURAPRINCESS SOYO: What's...that you're eating?
KAGURAPRINCESS SOYO: What's is this?! It's so sour!
PRINCESS SOYO: Even more sour than my manny's underarms!
KAGURA: You get hooked on the flavor.
KAGURA: You'll be addicted to your manny's underarms soon too!
PRINCESS SOYO: I will not! That's gross!
PRINCESS SOYO: So people beyond the castle walls eat this sort of thing.
PRINCESS SOYO: You're correct. I came from over there.
KAGURA: it's become nothing more than window dressing.
KAGURA: Now it's just where the most pathetic samurai live.
PRINCESS SOYO: You have so many different names.
PRINCESS SOYO: Right.
PRINCESS SOYO: Will you be my friend for one day today?
HIJIKATA: Why do our uniforms have to be so thick and heavy?
HIJIKATA: Everyone's wearing lightweight clothes but us!
HIJIKATA: You're the one who's dangerous! What's the big idea?!
OKITA: What's with you? I was about to make your uniform sleeveless.
HIJIKATA: Don't give me that! You were trying to cut off my arms!
HIJIKATA: Only a moron would wear something like that!
HIJIKATA: What was the princess thinking running away from home like that?
OKITA: It's impossible to cover every street in Edo using regular methods.
HIJIKATA: Only you would fall for a trap that sounds straight out of a Japanese folktale!
YAMAZAKI: Chief!
YAMAZAKI: We have a sighting!
HIJIKATAYAMAZAKI: The princess was spotted heading toward Kabukicho.
HIJIKATA: Kabukicho?
HIJIKATA: Of all the annoying places...
GAMBLER A: Odd!
KAGURA: Even!
GAMBLER C: Odd!
GAMBLER D: Even!
CASINO HEAD: The bets are down! Snake-eyes. Even!
GAMBLER A: Lost again!
GAMBLER C: This ain't good. I can't go home now!
KAGURA: I suppose I do.
PRINCESS SOYO: Your Highness is so lucky. You're so free.
PRINCESS SOYO: so I don't have friends and I don't know anything about the outside world.
PRINCESS SOYO: All I can do
PRINCESS SOYO: Live freely.
HIJIKATA: You're exactly right.
HIJIKATA: So let's go back.
KAGURAPRINCESS SOYOPRINCESS SOYOHIJIKATA: What are you doing?!
HIJIKATA: Get them!
SQUAD MEMBER CKAGURA: Out of our way!
YAMAZAKI: She leapt onto the roof carrying the princess!
SQUAD MEMBER D: Who is she?!
KONDO: Isn't she that Hercules girl from the Odd Jobs place?
OKITA: Beats me.
OKITA: I don't like taking roundabout methods.
KONDO: Wait! What if you hit the princess?!
OKITA: I won't make that mistake.
KONDO: Hey!
OKITA: A man can realize his strength better
OKITA: when he's chasing his dream than after he's caught it.
KONDO: No!
HIJIKATA: Hey! Come on out!
HIJIKATA: Are you listening to me?!
KAGURA: Why? Don't you wanna be free?
PRINCESS SOYO: I want to be free...
PRINCESS SOYO: but I don't wish to cause Your Highness any more trouble.
KAGURA: You're no trouble.
KAGURA: I don't need a reason to help a friend.
KAGURA: I've still for a lot of fun things to teach you!
PRINCESS SOYO: that's exactly why I don't want to cause you trouble.
PRINCESS SOYO: Farewell.
KAGURA: Wait! That's not fair!
OTAE: Today's menu is rice omelet.
KAGURA: Yeah!
OTAE: We'll begin by making chicken rice.
KAGURA: Roger that!
SHINPACHI: Hey! Why're you destroying the entire kitchen!
GINTOKI: Watch.
GINTOKI: Just like that.
SHINPACHI: Come on! You can't cut an onion with a wooden sword!
GINTOKI: It takes spirit. Spirit!
OTAE: You've been tossing in the ingredients at random.
OTAE: Could you at least tell us the amounts?
GINTOKI: Whatever you feel like.
GINTOKI: Ballpark amounts are the fundamentals of men's cooking.
GINTOKI: If you just do what you feel like...
OTAE: We have cold Chinese noodles with toppings.
SHINPACHI: When did you put in noodles?!
OTAE: The ingredients have been cooked until tender.
KAGURASHINPACHI: Hey! We haven't finished the dish yet!
KAGURASHINPACHI: You're not supposed to eat that!
KAGURA: Can I have seconds?
SHINPACHI: We're ruined.
SHINPACHI: You don't think...
KAGURA: Will we die if we don't eat it?
GINTOKI: A "Weird Cosmic Pet Grand Prix."
GINTOKI: The next episode: "Pets Resemble Their Owners."
GINTOKI: That idiot Sakamoto dropped by my place the other day and left it behind.
GINTOKI: Aren't you the guy who hates aliens?
KATSURA: How could I hate an innocent creature like this?
GINTOKI: Zura... What the heck are you...
GINTOKI: Hey! What the?! Stop that!
GINTOKI: I told you to stop!
GINTOKI: Good grief.
SHINPACHI: He sure has his weird side.
GINTOKI: The only things he contributes is feces and pain!
SHINPACHI: It's not okay. He didn't add anything positive to that list!
SHINPACHI: You shouldn't expect any other compensation from them.
TAMO: We're looking for unusual pets for our show.
GINTOKI: Huh?
CAPTIONS: [1st champion: Susumu]
2nd champion: [2nd champion: Hiroyuki]
TAMO: many different animals have arrived with the Amanto.
3rd champion: [3rd champion: Satoru]
TAMO: Is there a strange pet living in your neighborhood?
TAMO: We'll be crowning the strangest and cutest pet in Japan on our show!
GINTOKI: Stress relief...or fabulous prizes...which would you rather have?
OTOSE: One week?!
GINTOKI: For sure.
KAGURA: I feel like an oil tycoon! I can have all the pickled seaweed I want!
OTOSE: You sure seem confident. Do you have something in mind?
GINTOKI: I do.
KAGURA: Unusual for him!
SHINPACHI: Sort of...
OTOSE: I'm getting the feeling it's something fishy...
CATHERINE: Otose! You mustn't trust what these guys say!
CATHERINE: It's all just talk! All B.S.!
OTOSE: Catherine was just recently released.
OTOSE: Nothing like that. I just needed the help.
KAGURA: I'll stuff a live fish into your mailbox one day!
SHINPACHI: Good one.
GINTOKI: Whenever you're ready!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Your paw!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Now the other one!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Sit!
KATSURA: What're you doing?
KAGURA: Can't you see? We're teaching Sadaharu tricks.
GINTOKI: Don't be an idiot! Who'd have a change of heart just because of what you said?!
KAGURA: Sadaharu's going to be on TV.
KATSURA: TV?
GINTOKI: That's why we're doing special training.
KATSURA: ...TV.
TAMO: No pet contestant is too strange!
OTOSE: I'm Ho-ome!
CATHERINE: Welcome back.
OTOSE: Not good. They ran off again.
OTOSE: They run away every time I go to collect the rent.
CATHERINE: Nothing you say is going to work with people like that.
CATHERINE: One rotten apple spoils the batch.
OTOSE: Isn't that talking too big for someone who was just released from jail?
CATHERINE: That was that. This is this.
OTOSE: You sure have nerve.
CATHERINE: Otose! Otose! Look at that!
OTOSE: Quiet! Do you want to get thrown back into the slammer?! Do you?!
CATHERINE: Look. Look at the TV!
OTOSE: Sakata family?! What the hell are those morons up to now?!
CATHERINE: Their way of paying the rent...this is what they were talking about.
TAMO: The team that gets past the preliminary round will earn the right to face our previous champion...
MU: Bring it on!
SHINPACHI: I can't believe we're actually doing this.
GINTOKI: We're playing to win. So psych yourself up!
GINTOKI: I'm fine. Sadaharu is a bright pup. This is his playful bite.
TAMO: But you're bleeding...
KAGURA: Right.
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Stop! No snacks for you tonight!
SHINPACHI: Come on! Pull yourselves together. We can't get to the finals like this!
GINTOKI: That so? The judges can't take their eyes off of me.
KAGURA: You're both stiff. Use the entire stage!
SHINPACHI: You're the one who looks like a robot!
TAMO: It would seem the owners are more unusual than their pet.
TAMO: All right! Let's welcome our next team.
TAMO: Our next unusual pet is...
GINTOKI: What's he up to?
GINTOKI: A wanted man is disguising himself to get on TV.
SHINPACHI: He seems to really love his pet.
KATSURA: A captain in space.
TAMO: You'll be facing Sadaharu over there. The winner advances to the finals.
KATSURA: That's nothing but a huge dog.
GINTOKI: Stuff like that monster penguin of yours comes out of the faucet when I turn on the spigot at home!
SHINPACHI: Too obvious! Stop making up such transparent lies!
TAMO: It's time to appeal to our judges!
KAGURA: Okay! Let's show them the results of your special training!
GINTOKI: Damn right you will.
GINTOKI: We can't let this past week of bloody effort go to waste.
GINTOKI: This will work. Trust in yourself.
SHINPACHI: Who are you talking to?
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Your paw!
KAGURA: Now the other one!
KAGURA: The final trick! Sit!
KAGURA: Okay! Perfect!
KATSURA: Hmph. It's no different than the last time!
KATSURA: Watch this!
TAMO: Paper and brushes?! What is she going to do?!
KATSURA: Yes...
TAMO: Oh! Elizabeth's drawing like crazy all of a sudden!
GINTOKI: Wh-What's that...?
TAMO: It's a wonderful painting!
KATSURA: That's being rude to Elizabeth.
TAMO: Uh... Forgive me.
KAGURA: Hmph. I could paint better than that!
GINTOKI: It's all right. We win on impact. Don't worry.
SHINPACHI: We only won on quantity of blood.
TAMO: This is fine work...
TAMO: My! We've got quite a point spread from the very start!
TAMO: Will it be possible to turn the tables?!
SHINPACHI: That's what I'd like to know.
KATSURA: Hmph. The match is over.
TAMO: We'll now move on to round two.
TAMO: I will toss this fried chicken bone. The first pet that fetches this bone back to its master will be the winner.
TAMO: Put your heart and soul into this challenge!
KATSURA: You don't need to do that! Change the rules right now!
GINTOKI: Hey Zura. Don't argue with the producers!
KATSURA: What?!
GINTOKI: Why don't we just skip the boring contest and duke it out like men?
KATSURA: I was hoping you'd say that!
SHINPACHI: Why don't you go home?
TAMO: Ready...
TAMO: Get set...
TAMO: Go!
TAMO: What do we have here?!
GINTOKI: Idiot! The other way!
TAMO: Uh-oh! Sakata charged into the judges' table!
TAMO: What speed!
KATSURA: Enough with your false accusations!
TAMO: Uh... Sorry.
SHINPACHI: Gin!
SHINPACHI: Who're you talking to...?
GINTOKI: Out of the way!
MU: I can't run from here! I'll take you on!
TAMO: Oh! Our champion is defeated so easily!
TAMO: How will we hold our finals?
TAMO: Sadaharu bites Sakata!
SHINPACHI: Gin! What'll we do? We're about to lose!
KAGURA: Go!
GINTOKI: Go?!
TAMO: It appears Sakata is using himself as bait
TAMO: to lure Sadaharu!
TAMO: Sadaharu is charging like a rhino! But Elizabeth has nearly reached the bone.
GINTOKI: No fabulous prize for you.
KATSURA: Let go of Elizabeth!
KATSURA: The fabulous prize belongs to me and Elizabeth.
KATSURA: I'll snap your master's neck.
GINTOKI: He's not gonna do anything! He doesn't understand you!
TAMO: You bastards! You changed the format of the contest!
KATSURA: Who cares about your broadcast!
ELIZABETH: I'm pooped.
ELIZABETH: I'm going home. Can you just get off me?
TAMO: What's going on?!
KATSURA: That can't be. Elizabe...
OTOSE: What the hell was that?!
HASEGAWA: The next episode:
HASEGAWA: If You Stop and Think About It, Your Life's a Lot Longer as an Old Guy than a Kid! Whoa, Scary!!
 ELIZABETH : (ON SIGN)[What are you jerks looking at?]
HASEGAWA: What about you?
HASEGAWA: Why is a young guy like you always coming here during the day?
 HASE: (N)It's said that birds of a feather...
GINTOKI: Oh! I feel like I'll win today.
GINTOKI: Oh? You're leaving already?
GINTOKI: Oh? I didn't know you were making a serious effort.
HASEGAWA: Kind of. See ya.
GINTOKI: Oh? Is my luck already over?
HASEGAWA: Um...
HASEGAWA: Well...You surprised me.
SHOJI: Ah... Thanks.
SHOJI: I'm really wound up.
HASEGAWA: It's upside down. You're too nervous!
HASEGAWA: Huh?
SHOJI: My woman has been providing for me... But now she's pregnant...
SHOJI: ...and pretty soon...she's going to have a baby.
SHOJI: And I should get...a real job!
HASEGAWA: H-Hey! It's burning! It's burning!
SHOJI: What should I do? Water! Water! Water!
INTERVIEWER: Not that kind of works!
HASEGAWA: H-Hey!
HASEGAWA: I'm Taizo Hasegawa. It's good to meet you.
ONISHI: ...Senpai...?
HASEGAWA: Oh?
HASEGAWA: You...quit the Department of Immigration Control?
ONISHI: I'm Onishi!
HASEGAWA: I've had a lot of problems.
ONISHI: Are you kidding?!
HASEGAWA: Um...Oh? Onishi-kun?
ONISHI: Thanks for everything you did for me while I was working at the Department of Immigration Control!
HASEGAWA: My goatee?
ONISHI: No complaining! And take off those sunglasses!
INTERVIEWER B: Can you do something about your hairstyle and sunglasses?
INTERVIEWER B: They make you look like a DORK! A Drowsy Old Retarded Kook.
INTERVIEWER C: Your bad breath and sunglasses are a problem. You're a...
HASEGAWA: Shut up!
HASEGAWA: What's wrong with being a DORK?!
 HASE: (N)There's nothing like sake to help me relax.
MU-SAN: I wonder if this is a love sickness.
OTOSE: Get home safely.
HASEGAWA: Huh? Can't you let me stay a bit longer for another cup of sake?
HASEGAWA: Leave me alone. I'm fine.
OTOSE: What are you talking about?
OTOSE: You're a Drunk Old Recovering Knocked Down Customer.
HASEGAWA: Keh. Whatever... DORKC... What the hell?!
OTAE: Nice to meet you. I'm Otae.
HASEGAWA: This looks like a really expensive place. But I don't have much money.
OTAE: Is that so? I understand.
HASEGAWA: She didn't get it! This lady doesn't understand Japanese!
HASEGAWA: Is this the International Pub?
OTAE: Sir...
OTAE: You're still being stubborn.
HASEGAWA: Hold on!
HASEGAWA: I would become a Desirable Older Respectful Kind-hearted Man? A DORKM?!
BOY: Thank you very much!
HASEGAWA: What? Why would a monk need me?
KATSURA: I'm not a monk.
KATSURA: Are you interested in taking up a sword and venturing out for the dawning of Japan?
HASEGAWA: What are you trying to say this early in the morning?
HIJIKATA: Katsura! Be prepared to lose today!
KATSURA: Tsk! The Shinsengumi!
HIJIKATA: Get him!
SAMURAI: Oh!
KATSURA: I'm not your brother! I'm Katsura!
HASEGAWA: Whatever.
HIJIKATA: Come on! Why don't you confess?!
HASEGAWA: I already said that I have nothing to do with it.
HIJIKATA: I understand. So just tell us where Katsura is hiding.
HASEGAWA: You really don't understand what I said!
HASEGAWA: You'd know if you checked!
OKITA: Then we'll strip you and check!
HIJIKATA: Take off your sunglasses. Your sunglasses!
HASEGAWA: Hold on a minute! Not my sunglasses!
HIJIKATA: Don't come back!
OKITA: I guess we got up early this morning for nothing.
HIJIKATA: So true.
 HASE: (N)The only thing I had left were these sunglasses.
GINTOKI: Hey! You'd better listen to me!
GINTOKI: I see. Your interview didn't go well again.
HASEGAWA: Every one of them called me a DORK and wanted me to take off my sunglasses.
HASEGAWA: These sunglasses are a part of my face.\NThere's no way I can take them off.
GINTOKI: Dumbass! Stop blaming everything on your sunglasses!
GINTOKI: Do you blame a rock when you trip over it? Does it change anything?
HASEGAWA: Heh... You're saying it's because of my sunglasses that I can't change myself?
HASEGAWA: You think I can change myself at this age?
GINTOKI: That's enough. Sit down.
MASTER: Now how the hell do I do that?
MASTER: What kind of mother are you talking about?!
GINTOKI: it might not be a bad idea to reverse course.
GINTOKI: Why not break all the rules?
 HASE: (N)And I...
HASEGAWA: I'm Taizo Hasegawa. Nice to meet you.
 HASE: (N)I've finally taken off my sunglasses.
HASEGAWA: I was fighting against evil aliens to save Earth.
INTERVIEW D: You're so funny.
 HASE: (N)I didn't realize that just taking off my sunglasses could make this much difference in my life.
 HASE: (N)Even people who haven't lived as long as me know more about life.
SERGEANT: Don't call him sir! Call him President!
HASEGAWA: Huh?
SERGEANT: Hurry up! Otsu-chan's live show is about to start!
SERGEANT: I'm not a President! I'm a sergeant!
 HASE: (N)Through my work as a driver...I realize how great it is to have a destination.
OTOSE: The "Back From the Dead" salon.
 HASE: (N)I had so many customers. And everyone had a clear vision.
MU-SAN: To the hospital.
OTAE: To Kabukicho.
KONDO: To Kabukicho.
 HASE: (N)My life has sure changed... But I no longer have a destination.
KATSURA: Drive until I see the dawn of a new Japan.
 HASE: (N)What should an old fellow like me do?
 HASE: (N)I feel like a child who has no destination.
 HASE: (N)I'm... I'm... I'm...!
 HASE: (N)Then I found someone who is a lost child like me.
GINTOKI: I have nothing to do. Take me around anywhere for free.
HASEGAWA: Are you kidding me?! I'm on the job.
GINTOKI: It's okay. I just want to see the other side of the horizon.
HASEGAWA: Who do you think you are...my girlfriend?!
GINTOKI: How's your job?
HASEGAWA: It was fine until you got in.
HASEGAWA: Whatever. Nothing has changed.
HASEGAWA: I don't have a clear vision for my future.
GINTOKI: I guess everyone is in the same boat.
HASEGAWA: I don't think so.
HASEGAWA: Why is he here?! What is he doing here?!
GINTOKI: Start the car now! I don't want to get in trouble!
HATA OJI: Oh? Haven't I seen you two somewhere before?
HASEGAWA: I don't know. Who are you?
HASEGAWA: You have something nasty on your head.
HATA OJI: Oh I see. Fair enough.
HASEGAWA: Wait!
HASEGAWA: Don't leave me alone! I'm begging you!
HASEGAWA: Don't leave this old fellow all alone! I'm old! If I get too lonely I'll die!
GINTOKI: What are you... a hamster or something?!
HASEGAWA: Y-Yes. I'm sorry.
HASEGAWA: Let's take him there quickly and leave before he does remember. Then we'll be safe.
GINTOKI: Then release me now.
GINTOKI: Why are you speaking like a foreigner now?!
HATA OJI: I can't believe he had his driver's license suspended.
HATA OJI: I'm not a president. What are you talking about?!
GINTOKI: But don't be fooled.
GINTOKI: They may even eat Shabu-Shabu.
HASEGAWA: I-I-I-I-Idiot! Are you trying to get yourself killed?! What were you thinking?!
HASEGAWA: I saw you at my job interview.
HASEGAWA: Ugh! I can't breathe! Stop!
SHOJI: Sachiko... my Sachiko has suddenly gone into labor!
OMITHATA OJI: My goodness! My charm point has been pulled off!
HATA OJI: What are you going to do about this?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. You look at least manager level.
HATA OJI: That's not my point!
HASEGAWA: There's a woman who's gone into labor!
GINTOKI: Nope. You'll have to turn back.
HASEGAWA: Tsk. Then we should go back.
HATA OJI: Are you kidding?!
HATA OJI: I lose my charm point and now I have to go back? Give me a break!
HATA OJI: Now get moving!
HASEGAWA: Can't you direct a tiny fraction of your love for pandas towards human beings?
HATA OJI: I really don't care what happens to one or two human babies!
HASEGAWA: Cut it out. What do you think you're doing to the Prince?
HATA OJI: What? Really? Where?
HASEGAWA: Just look at your face in the mirror tomorrow!
SHOJI: Pops! I owe you one!
GINTOKI: ...you look much better with your sunglasses on.
HASEGAWA: I know that.
KAGURA: I haven't seen you in a while. Why did you come back here?
KAGURA: Why were you fired?
HASEGAWA: Oh? Because...
HASEGAWA: I was true to myself.
HASEGAWA: But I'm not really disappointed.
HASEGAWA: I'm starting to feel dissatisfied again.
TAKASUGI: I heard there was a festival. So I had to come.
GINTOKI: Don't tell me... You bastard...
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: Sons Only Take After Their Fathers' Negative Attributes.
OTOSE: You're the one who doesn't get it!
OTOSE: Looks to me like he's having a blast!
SHINPACHI: What?! Cut it out!
GINTOKI: No one wants to hear you sing!
GINTOKI: Huh? What?! This is Hiraga-san?!
GINTOKI: You're taking my head off!
HIRAGA: Idiots! I'm Hiraga.
HIRAGA: You brats are making a terrible racket in front of my house.
HIRAGA: Think about all the trouble you're causing the neighborhood!
HIRAGA: I don't recall ever making a racket that went "gashankon"!
SABURO: Affirmative.
SHINPACHI: [Gengai's Retreat]
SHINPACHI: Wow! It's a mountain of robots.
SABURO: Affirmative.
HIRAGA: Saburo! Why're you working like their servant?! Help me!
GINTOKI: Hot diggity!
HIRAGA: Saburo can understand human languages to a certain extent.
OTOSE: Huh? That's what I hear.
HIRAGA: It's not junk.
HIRAGA: Creating something is like materializing your soul into reality.
GINTOKI: Your son's tangled up over there with a delinquent.
HIRAGA: No!
KAGURA: Rocket Punch Fire!
HIRAGA: Stop!
GINTOKI: That should do it.
HIRAGA: All I want? But they're all broken to bits...
KAGURA: Don't worry. Sabu is okay.
SABURO: Affirmative.
HIRAGA: Don't "Affirmative" me! It's shaped differently!
HIRAGA: What am I going to do?! I won't be able to finish in time for the festival!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Festival?
HIRAGA: there's going to be a festival to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the country's opening to the Amanto.
HIRAGA: What am I going to do?
HIRAGA: Hey! Give me back Saburo's arms!
HIRAGA: Darn those kids... They're crazy.
OTOSE: Will you be all right?
OTOSE: Not that. I meant your son.
 SON (SABU: (SABURO)What good will making a robot that kills do?!
HIRAGA: And that time is now.
 SON (SABU: (SABURO)Then I'll fight instead.
HIRAGA: What're you talking about?
 SON (SABU: (SABURO)I don't want to see you working with such a grim look on your face.
HIJIKATA: the Shinsengumi will protect the Shogun with every last man.
HIJIKATA: Keep that in mind!
HIJIKATA: I'll take full responsibility.
HIJIKATA: we have information that someone really dangerous is in Edo.
OKITA: Someone really dangerous? Who could that be?
HIJIKATA: Remember that incident where over a dozen government officials
HIJIKATA: got assassinated during a dinner meeting?
HIJIKATA: The most radical and dangerous man among the Anti-foreigner faction.
HIJIKATA: His name is Shinsuke Takasugi.
GINTOKI: This sweet smell must be
GINTOKI: cotton candy.
GINTOKI: Cotton candy!
HIRAGA: Quit playing and get back to work!
HIRAGA: The robot performance doesn't start till tonight.
KAGURA: Don't play dumb!
KAGURA: You think I wouldn't know about it?!
KAGURA: You can't lie to me anymore!
SABURO: Affirmative.
KAGURA: Affirmative, Afffirmative...
SABURO: Affirmative.
KAGURA: That's it! Domestic Violence!
HIRAGA: What're you doing?! Stop that!
KAGURA: Who is she?!
SHINPACHI: We somehow managed to finish on time.
HIRAGA: Hmph!
HIRAGA: I still have final adjustments to make.
HIRAGA: Saburo!
KAGURA: Let's eat fried udon next!
HIRAGA: How odd... Almost looks as if Saburo's having fun too.
GINTOKI: Son? You had one?
HIRAGA: He loved robots every bit as much as I do.
HIRAGA: Back then I tinkered with robots because I loved them.
HIRAGA: That son of mine rebelled against me for that and left me.
GINTOKI: It wasn't anything grand.
HIRAGA: Don't you want to avenge them?
GINTOKI: Huh?
HIRAGA: Haven't you ever thought of striking at the Bakufu and the Amanto for the friends you've lost?
HASEGAWA: Oh no! It's that girl with the venomous tongue!
SHINPACHI: If it isn't Hasegawa-san!
SHINPACHI: A shooting game? Maybe I'll have a try.
HASEGAWA: Take good... aim and...
KAGURA: Hand over your shades.
HASEGAWA: What? You did it wrong... You were supposed to aim that way.
OKITA: The watch is mine.
HASEGAWA: Now just a minute!
KAGURA: Got the beard.
OKITA: Score the jacket.
KAGURA: A hit on the nipple!
HIJIKATA: That bastard's goofing off again.
KONDO: What happened?
HIJIKATA: The Shogun said he wants to eat takoyaki.
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Commander! I have returned!
HIJIKATA: You're late! You better have had them put mayonnaise on it!
HIJIKATA: I see. I thought the green nori flakes around your mouth was the blunder you'd regret your entire life.
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!
HIJIKATA: It doesn't matter!
HIJIKATA: I can't help it.
HIJIKATA: That bastard Takasugi has no political beliefs at all.
TOWNSPEOPLE: Oh! It's started.
TAKASUGI: Don't move.
TAKASUGI: To think the man they called the White Knight would let someone attack him from behind.
GINTOKI: What're you doing in a place like this?
TAKASUGI: Just shut up and watch.
SABURO: Affirmative.
HIRAGA: Fire!
TOWNSPEOPLE: It's a terrorist attack!
TOWNSPEOPLE: It's the Anti-Foreigner Terrorists!
HIJIKATA: Is this a smokescreen?
HIJIKATA: You men secure the area around the tower!
MEMBERS: R-Robots!
HIRAGA: The crowd has run off.
TAKASUGI: How I once led a volunteer army called the Kiheitai?
TAKASUGI: There was a man named Saburo.
TAKASUGI: He said he didn't join to fight a war; he came to fight his father.
TAKASUGI: His father was all he ever talked about.
TAKASUGI: But he died without ever returning to his father.
TAKASUGI: What a sad story.
TAKASUGI: Even the Kiheitai was no exception.
TAKASUGI: who knows what his old man thought.
TAKASUGI: Egged him on?  Don't be ridiculous.
TAKASUGI: You see...I know the suffering that old man is going through.
TAKASUGI: Kill. Kill the enemies of my friends. Make them suffer the way we suffered.
TAKASUGI: Looking away from the past and living a carefree life...
GINTOKI: I've got a beast of my own too.
 TAKA: (M)It...won't move.
GINTOKI: But the beast is a white one.
HIJIKATA: Shut up! This isn't the time for that!
KONDO: But I'm still paying off the loan. No waaay!
HIJIKATA: Hmph.
HIJIKATA: What was that?!
KAGURA: Who are the bad boys who're
OKITA: ruining the festival?
KONDO: Ah! That's the "Festival Music Lover"!
HIJIKATA: Uh... I don't think so.
KONDO: The god of festivals has come!
KONDO: Victory is ours!
SABURO: Affirmative.
SHINPACHI: Please stop this right now!
SHINPACHI: The Shogun escaped already.
SHINPACHI: Hiraga-san!
GINTOKI: Is it some sort of superhero show?
GINTOKI: Let me play the hero!
HIRAGA: You're not good enough for the role. Out of the way.
GINTOKI: Who're you to diss the actor when you wrote such a crappy script?
GINTOKI: You are making Saburo cry.
HIRAGA: Which Saburo?
GINTOKI: Both of them.
GINTOKI: Nobody wants something like this.
HIRAGA: I do know that.
HIRAGA: I'm tired of living my life just staring at useless things.
HIRAGA: All I want is to live by my principles and die.
HIRAGA: So get out of my way.
GINTOKI: I'm not moving.
HIRAGA: Fire!
HIRAGA: Saburo!
HIRAGA: You idiot! Why didn't you fire?!
SABURO: D-Dad...
SABURO: I loved... watching you work... happily on your robots...all covered in... grease.
SABURO: I loved you... like that...
HIRAGA: What is it with all of you?!
GINTOKI: Beats me.
KATSURA: Looks like you failed.
TAKASUGI: We had unexpected interference.
TAKASUGI: I'm fine being a beast.
TAKASUGI: I will simply destroy everything until the beast in me stops whining.
KATSURA: I'm not a smelly priest. I'm Katsura.
KID: What're you doing? You broke it.
KATSURA: This is a wind-up toy?
HIRAGA: Buy it already. I'm saying buy it! It's fun! Just buy it!
 KATS: (M)He looks pretty happy.
GINTOKI: The Masked Loincloth Bandit?
SHINPACHI: He wears a red loincloth on his head
SHINPACHI: and steals pretty girls' underwear to distribute to unpopular guys!
OTAE: What happened to me?
SHINPACHI: No! Stefan!
GINTOKI: Huh? A panty thief?
SHINPACHI: That's right.
SHINPACHI: She got hit twice during the days I stayed over at your place.
SHINPACHI: Can't we do anything about it?
WAITLESS: A chocolate sundae?
GINTOKI: That's mine.
GINTOKI: Huh? Can't we do anything about what?
SHINPACHI: About the panty thief!
GINTOKI: Huh? A panty thief?
SHINPACHI: That's right.
SHINPACHI: She got hit twice during the days I stayed over at your place.
SHINPACHI: Can't we do anything about it?
GINTOKI: Huh? Can't we do anything about what?
SHINPACHI: I keep telling you! The panty thief! The panty thief!
SHINPACHI: This guy heard what I said!
SHINPACHI: Uh... You're referring to a single age group.
GINTOKI: You fool!
GINTOKI: it can only refer to young girls!
SHINPACHI: What? For real?!
GINTOKI: Then scanties are also no good.
SHINPACHI: Nobody says that these days.
GINTOKI: The one I can't stand are thongs.
KAGURA: I'm wearing a G-string right now.
GITOKI: You're lying! Liar!
KAGURA: I'm not. I've been wearing it for years.
SHINPACHI: What kind of panties are those?!
GINTOKI: That's kinda hot. Kinda like...she has this calm demeanor but-
OTAE: Now is not the time for your weird fantasies and no panties lectures.
OTAE: Don't underestimate me.
GINTOKI: You want it back for your gambling run? Or would simply getting it back satisfy you?
OTAE: I want my panties back... And then I want to slowly break every bone in the thief's body.
SHINPACHI: Sis?
OTAE: Come! Let's pledge our sisterhood with a drink.
KAGURA: Osu!
SHINPACHI: Wait! Wait! Someone will die! You two are way too dangerous!
SHINPACHI: This is bad! The deadliest combatants in the world have joined forces.
GINTOKI: Forget about it.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Who could it be...?
GINTOKI: There's no way a samurai would stalk a teenage girl either.
SHINPACHI: You're the one who's gonna get sued!
KONDO: Wait! Wait! Wait! Look at this!
SHINPACHI: What's this?
SHINPACHI: Masked Loincloth Bandit Strikes Again.
KONDO: He's the petty thief that's been terrorizing the city recently.
 KOND: (N)He wraps a red loincloth around his face...
 KOND: (N)And runs through the darkness in his briefs...
 KOND: (N)Only stealing pretty girls' panties...
 KOND: (N)And tosses them to guys who can't get dates. A weird sicko.
SHINPACHI: What is that? Some perverted version of Robin Hood?
GINTOKI: I see...
SHINPACHI: You've got one?!
GINTOKI: Shut up! Kabukicho's Santa works 24/7 year-round!
KONDO: That means the thief thinks you're a loser who can't get girls. How pathetic!
KONDO: Th-This isn't a charity panty from the Masked Loincloth!
KONDO: What?! Oh?!
GINTOKI: So you're saying the same guy stole Otae's panties?
KONDO: Precisely!
GINTOKI: So the pervert thinks he's a benevolent thief?
KONDO/SHINPACHI: No! The panties!
GINTOKI: The 35th...
GINTOKI: Tiki Tiki Mission: Capture the Masked Loincloth!
ALL: Yeah!
SHINPACHI: 35th...?
KONDO: Ahem! The Shinsengumi exists to keep peace in this city.
KONDO: What is peace?!
KONDO: The small happiness of each person will create peace for the whole city.
KONDO: Protecting your sister's panties is also our mission.
KONDO: Hey!
OKITA: For revenge...
OKITA: What an idiot to give Hijikata-san charity panties.
HIJIKATA: No mercy!
SHINPACHI: His eyes are totally serious!
GINTOKI: Buh-Bump! Mission: Capture Masked Loincloth using full of women.
ALL: Yeah!
SHINPACHI: What do you mean by "full of women"?!
SHINPACHI: Decoy operation?
ALL: Oh!
OTAE: I'll offer my lucky panties. It'll knock you out like Mickey Rourke's Cat Punch.
KONDO: Cat Punch!
GINTOKI: Hold on! That's too hardcore!
GINTOKI: Normal boys can't handle it. They'll run their ass off.
OTAE: Then... How about this?
ALL: Oh...
OTAE: Packs the same punch that knocked Akebono down.
KONDO: Knocked...
GINTOKI: No! No! No! That's way too maniacal!
KAGURA: And that's how a boy climbs up the ladder to adulthood.
SHINPACHI: You there! Don't summarize it so easily!
OKITA: Watching your sister's panties is nothing!
OKITA: Hijikata-san saw his father wearing a bra.
GINTOKI: I see. It was so shocking that his pupils are still wide open to this day.
HIJIKATA: Like hell they are!
OTAE: I'm risking my life and my panties here!
GINTOKI: Listen up!
GINTOKI: He is a genuine pervert who prefers quality over quantity when it comes to girls' panties.
GINTOKI: Therefore he'll definitely sneak in here again.
GINTOKI: And that's when we capture him.
GINTOKI: we cannot forgive the way he tramples over a girl's innocence and a man's pride.
All: Yeah!
SHINPACHI: Excuse me?!
SHINPACHI: I mean...Do we really need the Shinsengumi for this?
KONDO: What are you saying?! Even I can...
KONDO: Ouch!
OKITA: so I brought these from the warehouse in the castle.
SHINPACHI: What's this?
OKITA: How should I put it?
SHINPACHI: Not "something like"! That's exactly what it is!
OKITA: I had a hard time sneaking them out under strict supervision.
SHINPACHI: Just like that?!
OKITA: and this old dojo will become an invincible and secure fort.
SHINPACHI: It can stay as an old dojo!
OKITA: That's that. We have our own rules.
SHINPACHI: Don't talk like some mom would!
HIJIKATA: The official name is "Something like...a land mine."
SHINPACHI: You're kidding me!
OTAE: Shin-chan.
HIJIKATA: It takes a real samurai to embrace the battlefield as their home.
HIJIKATA: Accusing someone as suspicious and killing them without argument.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Huh? Accuse?
OTAE: No...We might as well pierce through them.
HIJIKATA: Pounding them is much better than that...
OTAE: How about we tear them up and pluck them out?
GINTOKI: Ouch...
GINTOKI: My back hurts.
SHINPACHI: It's not like working on a farm!
GINTOKI: How come I always get...
KAGURA: It's because your blood is so sweet.
GINTOKI: My blood sugar level...?
SHINPACHI: We don't care about your blood glucose...
SHINPACHI: What's your reasoning for that?
KAGURA: Look at those panties just hanging out in the open like that.
SHINPACHI: But it's too obvious! You can tell it's a trap!
OTAE: Shin-chan.
SHINPACHI: How the heck would you know?!
OKITA: I don't care who the thief is. Let's just grab someone and say he's the thief.
SHINPACHI: Someone as in who?! Agreeing on what?!
GINTOKI: How 'bout I ventilate your face!
OKITA: Should we help them out?
KAGURA: My fist wants to fight too!
KONDO: You guys are just getting testy because of the heat.
KAGURA: Azuki bean ice cream!
GINTOKI: Something sundae-like!
OTAE: Baagen-Daaz ice cream!
OKITA: Seafood vinaigrette!
HIJIKATA: Beef bowl and tonjiru bento!
SHINPACHI: G-Green tea.
KONDO: Good grief...
HIJIKATA: I guess that would blow you away.
GINTOKI: Yeah right! He stepped on his own land mine.
SHINPACHI: Don't tell me you all don't remember where you set up the land mines?
OTAE: Oh dear! The mailman will get blown to bits tomorrow morning.
SHINPACHI: Now isn't the time to say that!
SHINPACHI: Th-That man...
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Hysterical! You guys are priceless!
SHINPACHI: This sucks! He came at the worst possible moment!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Did you really think I'd fall for such childish tricks?
MASKED LOINCLOTH: You can bite your fingernails and watch
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Here I come!
YAMAZAKI: Die!
HIJIKATA: What the hell did he show up for?!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Silly Shinsengumi. Tah!
KAGURA: Hey! That's...
MASKED LOINCLOTH: You fools!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: You can't defeat me with something like this.
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Their voices give me power!
 MASK: (N)Masked Loincloth, please! Give us hope!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Can you hear their silent cries?!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Failure is not an option!
KONDO: Wait!
KONDO: Keep your filthy paws off of Otae-san's panties!
KONDO: You think such descriptive abuse would make me flinch?!
GINTOKI: No need to tell me.
GINTOKI: Hold on tight to his hairy legs!
OTAE: Never underestimate...
MASKED LOINCLOTH: What?!
OTAE: ...a woman!
OTAE: There's no way I'll give my panties to someone who won't even show his face.
SHINPACHI: Sis!
HIJIKATA: What?!
OKITA: Ha ha! It was a joke. A joke!
HIJIKATA: You wanna die?
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: The beach? No can do.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: Looks like the beach is closed off because of a man-eating alien.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: What? There's a reward for that alien?
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: All right! This summer is going to be fly fishing for aliens!
MASKED LOINCLOTH: Here's a fabulous gift for you losers watching anime alone at such an hour!
HASEGAWA: A grown-up snarfing an ice pop he bought with money he scrounged off the street.
GINTOKI: If only I had stopped then...
GINTOKI: I could be having all-you-can-eat parfaits right now... If only I had stopped then...
HASEGAWA: Are you listening to me?
GINTOKI: Have you heard of any easy money-making opportunities around?
GINTOKI: I can't eat ice cream three times a day. I prefer having a snack bar for lunch.
WOMAN B: Come on! You said you were going to take me to the beach.
HASEGAWA: Sounds good. I want to go to the beach.
WOMAN B: I already bought my swimsuit.
GINTOKI: Sounds good. A bikini sounds really good!
MAN C: I heard that some mysterious space creature might appear.
MAN C: but it's dangerous and people can't swim at the beach.
MAN C: So they've posted a bounty on the monster.
HASEGAWA: This summer...
GINTOKI: ...we'll do some pole-and-line fishing for the alien!
WOMAN B: What? Who are these people?
ALL: Yeah!
GINTOKI: We're not going there for fun! We're going to fight!
GINTOKI: We're about to ride the wild waves...
GINTOKI: You guys look like you're going to a picnic!
GINTOKI: You're allowed to buy snacks totaling 300 yen.\N300 yen is nothing for kids these days!
GINTOKI: Do you understand?!
KAGURA: Captain! You can buy 400 Tasty sticks.
HASEGAWA: Really?! I can buy that many?
GINTOKI: Shut up. I didn't expect anything like that.
GINTOKI: Don't make me say that again.\NWe're going to work!
GINTOKI: Not again...
HASEGAWA: Let's just go to the beach.
HASEGAWA: I hope nobody will beat us there.
KAGURA: What?! We don't have a car?
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: Where's the money for it?
KAGURA: What?! It took me all night to make a music tape.
KAGURA: [My Best]
GINTOKI: How old are you?
GINTOKI: It's not like you're going on your first date or getting your first driver's license in your 30s.
SHINPACHI: Cassette tape players aren't built in cars anymore.
KAGURA: I worked really hard to make "My Best" tape.
GINTOKI: We don't have time. Let's go.
GINTOKI: We can't even afford to buy a train ticket. Can't you understand?
SHINPACHI: Then how can we...?
SHINPACHI: But that's a crime! How about buying discount fares at least?
GINTOKI: We have no choice. We'll take a taxi...
HASEGAWA: How about that? Let's take that for now.
SHINPACHI: It's impossible. We can't even get probation.
OTAE: You should be thankful someone like me has common sense.
GINTOKI: It can't be... You...
KAGURA: You have money?
OTAE: Don't worry. My budget is still strapped.
OTAE: So let's find out how we can get to the beach on the cheap.
HASEGAWA: All right! My thighs will shoot them down.
OTAE: I have no choice...
OTAE: and suck in your stomach...
OTAE: then stoop forward to show off your ample cleavage...
OTAE: Go!
OTAE: Here we go...
KAGURA: Can you turn up the air conditioner?
OTAE: Thank you. We're so lucky...
OTAE: ...that we happened to be going the same way.
SHINPACHI: Your knee is pushing into my cut.
HASEGAWA: It's hot! Hot and stinky! You put in too much pomade!
KAGURA: Play "My Best" now!
HASEGAWA: {\i1}It stinks! I can't breathe!
SHINPACHI: Whoa! Warm liquid!
HASEGAWA: It stinks! O-Open the window!
KAGURA: My Best!
GINTOKI: Air conditioner!
SHINPACHI: Warm liquid is on my leg!
KAGURA: So true! I can't believe there's a car that can't play a cassette tape these days!
KAGURA: That's crap!
SHINPACHI: That's not true.
GINTOKI: You sound like you stopped the car.
GINTOKI: Ah. We still haven't arrived at the beach.
GINTOKI: I feel like we've at least made it 200 kilometers.
OTAE: Stop complaining and keep walking.
SHINPACHI: Give me some water...
KAGURA: There's some water in the barrel attached to Sadaharu's neck.
SHINPACHI: Th-This is...
SHINPACHI: I can't drink it...
SHINPACHI: G-Give me water...
GINTOKI: Why are you talking like a boxer who's begging for a drink of water but needs to make his weight?
HASEGAWA: But if he can't speak clearly...
GINTOKI: It reminds me of what the president of some company said:
GINTOKI: A man should lean forward even when falling down.
KAGURA: Burning asphalt... It smells like those cheeks are burning.
HASEGAWA: I'm really hot! Please help me!
HASEGAWA: I can't move anymore... Are you listening to me?
ALL: Yeah!
OYAJI: Oh? An alien hunt? Huh? Someone actually showed up?
OYAJI: Really?
OYAJI: This will be a big help!
OYAJI: and we're not getting any customers because of the alien! We're really in trouble.
GINTOKI: Um... Is that...
HASEGAWA: ...you who posted the bounty...?
OYAJI: Right. That's me.
OYAJI: I was kind of joking about it over drinks.
GINTOKI: A man's gotta put his life on the line even when he's joking-
GINTOKI: and we're gonna make sure you keep your end of the deal.
OYAJI: Don't worry! I'll pay you. I have money.
KAGURA: You liar! Your yakisoba noodles are pathetic.
KAGURA: There's no way a guy like you has any money.
KAGURA: I bet your life must be one big fried noodle.
KAGURA: Noodle!
OYAJI: Hey! You can't just eat!\NYou have to pay for it!
GINTOKI: Hmm... Then I need to see it first.\NWe'll get rid of the alien after that.
ALL: Right!
OYAJI: That shirt is
OYAJI: rare and not for sale. Only my staff can wear it.
OYAJI: Now you are all fellow men of the sea!
GINTOKI: Well...
HASEGAWA: We've got no choice but to do it.
GINTOKI: We have to do what?
HASEGAWA: Who'll protect the beach if we don't?
HASEGAWA: People fall into two categories...depending on how they pick themselves up.
HASEGAWA: The first kind of person...
HASEGAWA: Hey, at least I'm better off than that guy.
HASEGAWA: And the second kind of person...
HASEGAWA: sees a challenge and tries to raise himself to it.
HASEGAWA: I belong to the second group.
HASEGAWA: Helps me realize how tiny I am.
HASEGAWA: Everyone has some place in their heart they can fall back on when they need to.
HASEGAWA: my heart is always here.
HASEGAWA: And those jobs are the ways I define myself.
HASEGAWA: Money doesn't matter. I believe that this job is my calling.
HASEGAWA: Do you understand my feelings?
HASEGAWA: Huh?
OTAE: I reached a settlement with the community association.
GINTOKI: Then we gotta be fired up!
HASEGAWA: M-My feelings...
GINTOKI: Let's go.
SHINPACHI: Right!
OYAJI: But why do I have to do this?
OYAJI: Did I do something wrong?
OYAJI: I was just cooking fried noodles!
OYAJI: Give me a break! My legs are wrinkly. Please help!
GINTOKI: I can't catch a thing.
SHINPACHI: I wonder if it's not in the sea anymore...
HASEGAWA: I don't think so.
HASEGAWA: I have a feeling the alien is still in the sea.
HASEGAWA: This alien is prepared to fight us. A fight between men.
HASEGAWA: Breathtaking offense and defense.
HASEGAWA: And...
HASEGAWA: It's about man's romance with the sea!
HASEGAWA: The alien must be waiting for just the right time!
HASEGAWA: You understand how I feel...
OTAE: Would you like to have one? I made this omelet this morning.
OTAE: You can't fight if you're hungry.
OTAE: How about another one?
HASEGAWA: Um...I've had enough...
KAGURA: I wish I could swim like them.
HASEGAWA: But it's best you not be out there.
OTAE: Don't be shy.
HASEGAWA: The alien might appear. Are they all right?
KAGURA: Must be nice to swim.
HASEGAWA: Miss? What are you going to do? Where did you find that?
KAGURA: Don't want to watch someone else be happy.
KAGURA: I want to just end their happiness.
HASEGAWA: Everyone! Run away! This girl is crazy! She's really weird!
HASEGAWA: Shoot! It's a double punch!
HASEGAWA: Double punch! Two dangers approach you!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI: It's here! Seriously! Like...right here!
GINTOKI: Agh! I can't make this thing go any faster!
GINTOKI: How come you can swim so fast?!
GINTOKI: It's not like you!
OYAJI: You bastards!
OYAJI: You made a big mess.
OYAJI: I'll teach you to fear a man of the sea!
GINTOKI: Uohhh! It's coming! They teamed up somehow!
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Shinpachi!
OTAE: Kagura-chan! Hit them back with that rock.
KAGURA: All right.
KAGURA: There!
SHINPACHI: Oh?
KAGURA: Whoops.
HASEGAWA: Eat me if you want....
HASEGAWA: I wouldn't mind traveling around the sea inside your stomach.
HASEGAWA: You...
HASEGAWA: That's the story.
HASEGAWA: I think he understood how much I loved the sea.
HASEGAWA: I can tell. Because only good people can live in the sea.
GINTOKI: ...scum...
GINTOKI: Whatever.
ENDING CREDITGIN: There's a ghost in the Shinsengumi headquarters?
ENDING CREDITGIN: Don't be silly!
ENDING CREDITGIN: There's no such thing in this world... Agh! It does exist!
ENDING CREDITGIN: Help me!
ENDING CREDITGIN: The next episode: "Watch Out for Conveyor Belts!"
GINTOKI: Conveyor Belts--!
GINTOKI: Should I wear a different kimono every once in a while?
OKITA: You're really self-consciousness.
HIJIKATA: What?!
OKITA: Nothing really...
HIJIKATA: I thought I just saw...
HIJIKATA: That's terrible...
HIJIKATA: Eighteen troops.
OKITA: So over half the squad has been struck down.
OKITA: I've got to admit... This is getting kind of eerie.
HIJIKATA: Everyone flat on their backs. It's mortifying! I can't even tell anyone about it.
HIJIKATA: The shame!
KONDO: Toshi...
KONDO: I wasn't beaten by a ghost.\NI was beaten by mayonnaise!
HIJIKATA: That's even worse.
OKITA: Everybody is making delirious sounds about the woman in the red kimono.
OKITA: Is that the same ghost Inayama-san was talking about the other night?
HIJIKATA: Idiot! There's no such thing as ghosts.
KONDO: This building is cursed. It must be possessed by a horrible spirit.
HIJIKATA: What are you talking about?!
YAMAZAKI: I found these exorcists downtown.
GINTOKI: Hello.
HIJIKATA: Who are these guys? Is the circus in town?
HIJIKATA: These guys look so shady.
KAGURA: Oh? Your back...
HIJIKATA: What...? There's something on my back?
GINTOKI: He's done for with that on him.
GINTOKI: We looked around the house.
KONDO: It's contagious!
KAGURA: Um... A factory foreman.
KONDO: But everyone said they saw a woman's spirit.
SHINPACHI: Oh right!
SHINPACHI: It's the spirit of a woman who looked like the factory foreman who killed herself
SHINPACHI: by getting stuck in a conveyer belt.
HIJIKATA: That explanation's too long! And what does a factory foreman have to do with it?!
YAMAZAKI: Eh... W-Wait a minute.
YAMAZAKI: Wait... "Exorcise"... How are you gonna do that?
GINTOKI: We'll just hit you really hard.
HIJIKATA: Looked to me like you delivered a body blow instead of putting a spirit in.
KONDO: Hey! It's the factory foreman!
KAGURA: Oh? What was the story again?
GINTOKI: Idiot! It's about a woman who died after getting stuck in a conveyer belt.
SHINPACHI: There's no way a woman would get stuck in a conveyer belt.
SHINPACHI: A conveyer belt... Oh? What type?
GINTOKI: Never mind! Just act like a normal woman!
KAGURA: No way!
GINTOKI: Nobody expects that level of realism!
GINTOKI: Say that again?! I thought I look mysterious like this.
SHINPACHI: Both of you!
GINTOKI: Ah.
SHIPACHI: We didn't mean any harm. We didn't have a job.
SHIPACHI: We just thought exorcising ghosts might be a good job
SHIPACHI: to make money because it's summer and it's blazing hot in town.
GINTOKI: so I wanted to use my special talent to help people.
OKITA: Really? She must be the granny who owned the candy store.
OKITA: I made fake winning tickets to get ice cream lots of times.
OKITA: All right. Then drink this up through your nose.
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!\NWhat's this nostalgic feeling?!
GINTOKI: Like when I was a kid and almost drowned in the swimming pool!
GINTOKI: Hey! An innocent girl says her head is going to explode!
GINTOKI: Are you guys sure you want the show to finish like this?!
SHINPACHI: They're going to kill us.
HIJIKATA: What are you talking about? He's a prince from a sadistic planet. It's too late.
KAGURA: I don't feel so good.
HIJIKATA: Normally we'd beat you and cut you in strips...
HIJIKATA: But we're so busy we have no time for that these days. So just leave.
KAGURA: Poor babies. Want mommy to stand and guard while you go potty?
KONDO: Are you ridiculing a samurai?!
KONDO: Please come with me to the bathroom.
HIJIKATA: I can't believe that you're asking!
KONDO: All right.
HIJIKATA: You wanna seriously live your life like that? Hey!
SHINPACHI: It looks like you guys really are in trouble. Are you all right?
HIJIKATA: It's so shameful...
HIJIKATA: I never thought my army would be so petrified of ghosts like this.
HIJIKATA: but I have no idea what to do against something we can't see.
GINTOKI: Huh? What? You believe in ghosts?
HIJIKATA: I'll kill you someday.
OKITA: Don't tell me you saw the woman in the red kimono.
HIJIKATA: I can't tell for sure.
HIJIKATA: But I saw something strange.
HIJIKATA: I don't think it was human.
GINTOKI/OKITA: Ow! Ow! Help! Daddy!
OKITA: Bring me a Band-Aid! The size that can wrap around a whole person!
HIJIKATA: Did you guys rehearse this or something?!
SHINPACHI: A woman in a red kimono...
SHINPACHI: It reminds me of a ghost story...
SHINPACHI: At the Temple School I used to go to...that story got passed around a lot.
KONDO: Wait for me! I'm begging you... just wait for me.
KAGURA: Don't make a mess!
KONDO: So many mosquitoes around...
SHINPACHI: ...a woman wearing a kimono appeared.
SHINPACHI: And he asked her what she was doing...
KAGURA: He got caught in his zipper.
HIJIKATA: Get out of my way!
GINTOKI: How did he end up like that?
KONDO: Uh... W-W-Woman in the red kimono...
OKITA: Kondo-san! Pull yourself together!
GINTOKI: Then the woman that made you cry has come back to complain some more.
HIJIKATA: I'd never been with a bad woman like that before.
GINTOKI: I see. Then what?
HIJIKATA: Heck if I know.
HIJIKATA: But I can tell you that there's something strange going on in this building.
SHINPACHI: I think that's a ghost.
GINTOKI: Ah? I don't believe in unscientific things like ghosts.
GINTOKI: Though I believe in the Lost Continent of Mu.
GINTOKI: That's nonsense. It's too much trouble. Let's go home.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
SHINPACHI: What're you doing?
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: I thought you guys were frightened so I was trying to help you.
GINTOKI: Ah? What are you talking about?!
OKITA: Ah! The woman in the red kimono!
GINTOKI: What?
HIJIKATA: You're the one who's afraid!
GINTOKI/HIJIKATA: What does your contemptuous look mean?
HIJIKATA: What's that?
GINTOKI: The same trick doesn't work twice.
HIJIKATA: Prankster kids...
GINTOKI/HIJIKATA: You can't deceive us.
GINTOKI/HIJIKATA: G-Good evening.
SHINPACHI: I-I-I saw her! She was real! She was real!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
OKITA: Forget about them. They're doomed.
SHINPACHI: Th...they made it.
SHINPACHI: They're carrying her! They're carrying the woman!
HIJIKATA: Hey! Why are you running from us?!
GINTOKI: Oh? Hold on. Do you feel something heavy on your back?
HIJIKATA: I don't know! I have no idea!
GINTOKI: I'm sure someone is on us; I feel something heavy.
HIJIKATA: Shut up. Why don't you check then?
GINTOKI: Can't you just take a look at it?!
HIJIKATA: Hold on. Let's do this.
GINTOKI: Just make sure you do it! Don't cheat me!
GINTOKI: You definitely look back!
HIJIKATA/GINTOKI: Here we go!
HIJIKATA/GINTOKI: G-Good evening.
SHINPACHI: They died! They really died!
OKITA: Yes! I'll finally be promoted to Vice-chief.
SHINPACHI: Whatever!
SHINPACHI: What's that? What the hell is that?
OKITA: Maybe it's left over from back then...
KAGURA: Are you the root of this evil? You bastard-I'll avenge Gin!
SHINPACHI: I-It's here! Sorry.
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry!
SHINPACHI: Oh! She's gone.
SHINPACHI: Wh-Why?
GINTOKI/HIJIKATA: Stop with the annoying sound effects!
GINTOKI: ...You survived.
HIJIKATA: You must have the luck of the devil!
GINTOKI: Wh-Where did the thing go?
HIJIKATA: Dunno. After the others probably.
GINTOKI: It ran away...
GINTOKI: You know what?
GINTOKI: I guess it worked.
GINTOKI: You're so small-minded...
HIJIKATA: Don't try to act tough.\NYour voice is quivering.
GINTOKI: I think you're the one who's frightened.
HIJIKATA: What?! I'll exorcise you before I get that ghost!
GINTOKI: I already bought a new NES game.
SHINPACHI: Just as I expected.
SHINPACHI: This man...
SHINPACHI: That is...
SHINPACHI: not a ghost.
HIJIKATA: H-H-Hey! What the heck was that?!
HIJIKATA: It's f-f-flying!
HIJIKATA: N-N-No way! Who do you think I am?
GINTOKI: I'm not scared!
HIJIKATA: Hey! What does "that" mean? Escape? Are you going to skip out?
GINTOKI: N-No way. Um...I'm going to shoot it with a bazooka.
HIJIKATA: Where's the bazooka?
GINTOKI: Everyone has a bazooka in their heart.
HIJIKATA: You just can't escape.
HIJIKATA: Running from an enemy goes against Bushido principles.
GINTOKI: What the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: You'll need another hundred years to tell me about the way of the samurai.
GINTOKI: Oh?
MOSQUITO AMANTO: I'm an Amanto. I'm like an earth mosquito.
MOSQUITO AMANTO: I got pregnant with my boss at work.
MOSQUITO AMANTO: And I needed energy for the delivery.
MOSQUITO AMANTO: I'm really sorry.
MOSQUITO AMANTO: But I wanted to be strong. I wanted to be strong enough to raise my baby!
GINTOKI: It's another pain in the butt to everyone.
HIJIKATA: You're a pain in the butt!
HIJIKATA: I'm not going to give you any reward. Just leave.
GINTOKI: But don't forget that it was my final blow that solved everything.
HIJIKATA: What are you talking about?
HIJIKATA: I handled it without your help.
GINTOKI: Who would believe the terrifying Vice-chief is scared of ghosts?
HIJIKATA: It's a huge difference.
HIJIKATA: I bet you were really scared.
KAGURA: What are you two doing?
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: It's hot! Hot!
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: Why do I have to get sweaty working to buy a fan?!
EBINA: A kappa? What's that? Don't try to trick me by talking nonsense!
KAGURA: You're the one who's making the least sense!
OMITTEDEBINA: Understand this: nobody lays a finger on this dish.
SHINPACHI: The dish broke!
GINTOKI: Oh man! The dish broke!
IBARAKI: I was practicing my golf swing when it just slipped out of my hands!
IBARAKI: This is why I told you to leave this place.
IBARAKI: Because I bought this entire area...
EBINA: Shut up!
EBINA: No cameras please. Really.
SHINPACHI: He's gotten a bit shy after his dish cracked.
IBARAKI: I plan to build a huge golf course on this land.
EBINA: That's not the issue!
EBINA: This pond doesn't belong only to me.
EBINA: Huh?! Did you hear a cracking noise?
SHINPACHI: It's just your imagination.
EBINA: Look over there.
EBINA: See that odd-looking island?
EBINA: Our species can't live without clean water.
EBINA: I was shocked to find such a lovely planet.
EBINA: so I felt as though I had this jewel all to myself.
EBINA: But earthlings only saw me as a monster.
EBINA: I was persecuted and forced to return to this pond to live in solitude.
EBINA: She appeared one day along the pond bank.
GIRL: But there are two of us now.
EBINA: The girl had a sickness in her lungs.
EBIN A: A contagious disease.
EBINA: She didn't care who I was; she just wanted someone to talk to.
EBINA: How so?
GIRL: You can swim free in such lovely water.
GIRL: In that clear world...
EBINA: Strengthen your body.
GIRL: That's impossible. I've been like this all my life.
EBINA: Silly girl! Life is long.
EBINA: You bet.
GINTOKI: A promise? But that was decades ago.
SHINPACHI: Perhaps. But...
SHINPACHI: The ship he came on looks like it's been there a long time.
GINTOKI: This borders on the insane. I can't go along with this.
IBARAKI: Okay! Everything ready? Get to it.
NOJIMA: Right.
IBARAKI: I've just about had it with that rotten kappa.
ONISHI: But are you sure it's okay? What about the kappa's curse?
IBARAKI: You idiot!
NOJIMA: What's going on? It stopped...
WORKER A: What's going on with Nojima?
IBARAKI: What's with all that screaming?
IBARAKI: Onishi...?
IBARAKI: Wh-Who're you?
GINTOKI: I have come from Lake Toya in Ezo.
IBARAKI: No...not that!
GINTOKI: What we like? Let's see...
EBINA: What? You guys are back?
GINTOKI: I heard...
GINTOKI: Now that's scary.
EBINA: Could it be? You...
GINTOKI: Oh!
GINTOKI: So there are beautiful fish like that that living in this pond?
SHINPACHI: 462.
GINTOKI: What's that?
SHINPACHI: The number of people who collapsed this summer from heatstroke.
GINTOKI: Are you serious?
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous. Where are we going to find that kind of money?
GINTOKI: Huh? I know that.
GINTOKI: There's no way the south pole is an endless summer paradise.
SHINPACHI: How embarrassing!
SHINPACHI: Our only hope is the senpuki...
GINTOKI: I can't stand it! What's hot is hot even if I suppress my mind to a state of nothingness.
GINTOKI: Why do I have to go and buy a senpuki on a hot day like this?
GINTOKI: This sucks. Maybe I'll switch and buy an air conditioner instead.
GINTOKI: That won't do!
GINTOKI: Why do I have to get totally sweaty to go and buy a machine that makes me cooler?
GINTOKI: It's like digging for buried gold with buried gold.
CLERK A: Huh? A senpuki?
GINTOKI: [1000 yen or roughly $10 USD]
GINTOKI: Can you sell me one for this much?
GINTOKI: Huh? Mister?
CLERK C: What? You're using a senpuki in this day and age?!
TAKAMATSU: A senpuki?
TAKAMATSU: Ow-ow-ow-ow! What're you doing?! I haven't said anything yet!
GINTOKI: Shut up! You probably don't have one anyway. I know that.
GINTOKI: Even that beautiful blue sky ticks me off! And it's so blue!
GINTOKI: Why am I soaking with sweat and passed around from store to store just to buy a measly senpuki?!
MAN B: Huh? I guess it's okay to go home.
GINTOKI: I can't do that! I feel like I've been through a sauna!
GINTOKI: But I'm just getting hotter and hotter!
GINTOKI: It ticks me off!
GINTOKI: What? Is that for a receipt? Just write "customer."
GINTOKI: Whoa!
GINTOKI: What nonsense are you talking about?
GINTOKI: I just came to buy a senpuki.
GINTOKI: Hey! What's the matter...?!
LEADER: Found it at last.
LEADER: The sewer rat's nest.
LEADER: We didn't think anyone other than that woman survived.
GINTOKI: What? Are you talking to me?\NEarth Defen...Say what?
GINTOKI: Earth Defense...?
LEADER: Don't give me that! Hand over that senpuki right now!
LEADER: Th-This is...a grena...
GINTOKI: Why...does this have to happen to me?
GINTOKI: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: But...
GINTOKI: Something's wrong. Very wrong!
GINTOKI: I came to buy a senpuki! So why is this happening to me?!
LEADER: Stop!
OLD MAN C: Huh? I don't know.
GINTOKI: Go to hell!
GINTOKI: I've come too far to turn back now!!
GINTOKI: The senpuki...
GINTOKI: is mine!
LEADER: Wh-What?! Who is that guy?!
LEADER: Was there such a monster in the Earth Defense Army?!
LEADER: After him! Don't let him get away!
GINTOKI: What is this place? There's nothing but junk.
GINTOKI: The senpuki... Where's the senpuki?!
GINTOKI: What? This huge storefront cat give me the creeps.
GINTOKI: Upsa. And... down...
GINTOKI: Are these...
GINTOKI: gold coins?
LEADER: It's the robotic gold-coin counterfeiting machine no. 3.
LEADER: who worked to make the syndicate rich by minting counterfeit coins just as it planned.
LEADER: Thank you for showing us the way here.
LEADER: Now hand over the senpuki! You'll do it if you value your comrade's life!
GINTOKI: Where's the part that spins?
LEADER: What?
LEADER: What have you done?!
GINTOKI: [JARO = Japan Advertisement Review Organization]
GINTOKI: Giving it such a confusing name!\NI'll phone the JARO on you bastards.
LEADER: Curse you... Damned Earth Defense Army! You won't get away with this!
GINTOKI: This thing...
GINTOKI: I knew I should've bought an air conditioner.
LEADER: Die!
LEADER?: What?!
GINTOKI: You...bastard!
GINTOKI: I don't want an air conditioner.
GINTOKI: Look at this brilliant luster.
SHINPACHI: Doesn't that look a little filthy?
GINTOKI: What? What?
GINTOKI: What? That's odd. It won't turn on.
SHINPACHI: You! I'll bet you picked that up from the dump!
GINTOKI: Ow-ow.
GINTOKI: I really did save the world!
SHINPACHI: Good morning!
OTOSE: It's because all you guys are such goof-offs.
SHINPACHI: Uh...right. I'm sorry.
OTOSE: It's about time he got married and learned a little responsibility.
 SHIN: (M)Gin-san married...?
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
SHINPACHI: They really are goof-offs.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Ms. Ketsuno Ana's morning Weather Alert is about to...
SHINPACHI: Don't come any closer!
KAGURA: Did something happen to Gin-chan?
KAGURA: Have you become his stopper?!
SHINPACHI: Stop! There's nothing but a filthy world in there!
GINTOKI: Unh... What is it...? You're making too much noise...
SHINPACHI: You're the one who brought her here!
GINTOKI: Yesterday...
SHINPACHI: You're going to play dumb after engaging in ninja cosplay?
GINTOKI: Cut it out! I wouldn't do a thing like that!
SHINPACHI: Are you telling the truth?
KAGURA: Shinpachi.
KAGURA: Men should play around while they're young.
KAGURA: or become obsessed with weird fetishes.
SACHAN: There are no "mistakes" between husband and wife.
GINTOKI: I beg your pardon?
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow.
GINTOKI: What do you mean "what I did"? I didn't do anything!
SACHAN: What're you talking about?
SACHAN: Ow-ow-ow.
KAGURA: They say marriage is more about becoming familiar with one another than love.
GINTOKI: What're you guys talking about?!
GINTOKI: This is ridiculous!
SACHAN: You act as if you don't know.\NBut our bodies know.
GINTOKI: Stop talking like that!\NAnd that's not me!
SACHAN: My name is Sachan.
 SACH: (M)I'll lay low here for a while to throw off my pursuers.
SHINPACHI: Looks like she's serious about staying here.
KAGURA: A woman who's serious is harder to get rid of than the fat in pork broth ramen.
GINTOKI: Good grief.
 SACH: (M)He listens to what I say with no problem.
GINTOKI: Huh?
SACHAN: What day is it today?
GINTOKI: What is it? Garbage day? The expiration date on a food package?
SACHAN: Oh come on! You've already forgotten?
GINTOKI: We just met a while ago.
SACHAN: Ta-da!
GINTOKI: Am I being punished for something?
GINTOKI: Enough of this!
SHINPACHI: Hey! Sweets are number two?!
SACHAN: You don't have to be shy about it. Now have some.
GINTOKI: I'm not going to eat this!
KAGURA: It's okay. This is actually pretty good.
GINTOKI: Don't eat it!
 SACH: (M)This is humiliating.
 SACH: (M)But what is this? This feeling...
SACHAN: Wait!
SHINPACHI: How'd you end up like that?
KAGURA: The natto...it's sucking me in.
GINTOKI: Why're you following me?\NAnd what's with that outfit?
GINTOKI: but only Masuo-kun would like a young wife who looks like that.
SACHAN: That's someone else.
SACHAN: My pursuers won't recognize me in this costume.
SACHAN: What's the matter?
GINTOKI: Nothing.
GINTOKI: No way! Are you trying to make me out to be a weirdo?!
OTOSE: What're you doing out here?
SACHAN: Who might you be?
OTOSE: Who am I? Who are you?
SACHAN: You showed him no respect.
GINTOKI: It's no big thing.
SACHAN: Just a minute. Don't talk to him so affectionately.
SACHAN: mine!
OTOSE: What's with that woman? All I did was ask you to pay me!
OTOSE: What's that girl talking about?
SACHAN: You're nothing but a woman from his past.\NImmerse yourself in your old memories.
GINTOKI: Hey! You think this is my former girlfriend?!
OTOSE: I'm going to beat the both of you!
SACHAN: Could she be your mother? Is she your mother?!
OTOSE: Shall I give you a punch right now?!
OTOSE: What's with this girl?
GINTOKI: She's a little light in the head and enjoys cosplay.
 SACH: (M)To be treated this rudely in public...
 SACH: (M)More... I want him to torment me more...
OTOSE: What's wrong with this girl?
 SHINPACHI: (SOFTLY)Man!
GINTOKI: But I really did try.
SACHAN: That man is smitten with me.
KAGURA: I'm back.
SHINPACHI: You mean?!
GINTOKI: What? Me?
SACHAN: Hello? Sachan speaking.
SACHAN: You're...!
NEZUMIYA: Nice to meet you last night. I'm glad to hear your voice again.
NEZUMIYA: I think I've fallen in love with the beautiful assassin.
SACHAN: Nezumiya?!
NEZUMIYA: I got your cellular number from...
NEZUMIYA: your friends who snuck into my home.
NEZUMIYA: I'd really like to meet you again.
GINTOKI: Hey.
GINTOKI: I've decided to deal with this. I'm an honorable man.
SACHAN: I see. Then come with me.
GINTOKI: To the wedding hall?
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow! Just a minute...
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: What's the matter?
KAGURA: That.
SHINPACHI: How long has that hole been here?
KAGURA: Sachan might be an angel from the heavens.
GINTOKI: But why do we have to go this way?
GINTOKI: Is your father a scary guy?\NWhat kind of person is he?
SACHAN: He's an unscrupulous loan shark with hair all over his body and buckteeth.
GINTOKI: What's with that?
GINTOKI: Are you at that age when you don't want to do your panties in the same wash as his?
GINTOKI: Every girl reaches that age eventually.
SACHAN: Shh... Quiet.
GINTOKI: Who's that?
SACHAN: He's on lookout because I'm coming home late.
GINTOKI: Let me tell you this now: I'm the type of guy who's pretty restrictive.
SACHAN: Huh? Bind...?
 SACH: (M)What is this? Why does the sound of his words cause my chest to tighten so...?
GINTOKI: Darn right.
GINTOKI: You won't be able to see your male friends or stay out all night with the girls.
GINTOKI: Trouble. Nakamura-san saw us.
NAKAMURA B: Wh-What's that?!
NAKAMURA C: It's the assassin! The assassin's back!
GINTOKI: Nakamura-san!
GINTOKI: Seems like a lot of them are coming.\NWho are they this time?
GINTOKI: So...they're all named Nakamura?!
GINTOKI: Say what?
SACHAN: Let's go!
GINTOKI: Hey! Don't leave your husband!
UNDERLING A: Allow me to report.
NEZUMIYA: They're like moths flying into a flame.
NEZUMIYA: They won't reach here unless they get past all the traps.
NEZUMIYA: we have hostages.
 NEZU: (M)We will finish them off.
GINTOKI: Your father must be quite strict.
SACHAN: It'll be all right. Just as long as he can trust you as a person.
GINTOKI: Bad! This is really bad! They're here!!
GINTOKI: What the hell is going on at your house?!
SACHAN: It's a son-in-law test!
SACHAN: He's trying to see if we can make it together even if the path is closed off.
GINTOKI: Closed off? It's coming right at us!
GINTOKI: Hop! Step! Business Jump!
SACHAN: Seems he is testing whether or not you can withstand the pressure of taking over our House.
GINTOKI: I think all I was doing was running away.
SAOTOME: I've been expecting you.
GINTOKI: Who's this?
SACHAN: My ex-boyfriend. He's working with my father to get in our way.
GINTOKI: You're still seeing your ex-boyfriend?
SACHAN: He's a bit of a stalker.
SAOTOME: My foolhardiness gives me license throughout the land!
GINTOKI: are boors!
SACHAN: We need to hurry.
GINTOKI: Right.
GINTOKI: What's going on here?!
SACHAN: Ex-boyfriends.
GINTOKI: What? You've got to be kidding! All of them?
SACHAN: This isn't good. We have to meet Father quickly and explain the situation.
GINTOKI: Give my regards to Father!
GINTOKI: Persistent bastards.
GINTOKI: one step...
UNDERLING A: Nezumi-sama! Trouble! Nezumi-sama!
UNDERLING A: and she appears to be approaching this way.
NEZUMIYA: Curses! She doesn't know when to quit!
SACHAN: Nezumi-sama.
SACHAN: Their objective is the rescue of the hostages.
UNDERLING A: There she is! It's the assassin!
UNDERLING B: Kill her!
YUJI/MASA: Sachan! Run!
YUJI/MASA: Sachan!
NEZUMIYA: Wh-Who are you?!
GINTOKI: The knockout-blow assassin!\NIt is I... Gin the groom!
SACHAN: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Father!
GINTOKI: Please let me marry...
GINTOKI: your daughter!
SACHAN: The truth is... Nothing happened between us.
SACHAN: Yet you... You let me use you like this.
GINTOKI: That's enough. Don't touch me. You smell like natto.
GINTOKI: See you.
GINTOKI: don't do all this roundabout stuff and just come to Odd Jobs.
MASA: Think Sachan's fallen in love?
YUJI: Who knows...
SACHAN: Men really are foolish creatures.
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! You'll miss Ms. Ketsuno...Ana's morning Weather Alert...
SAKAMOTO: If it isn't Gintoki!
KAGURA: A paper that'll let us fly in the sky.
SHINPACHI: A trip for three though space?!
GINTOKI: M-Madame foreman!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Banzai! Banzai!
GINTOKI/;SHINPACHI: Banzai! Banzai! Banzai!
SHINPACHI: I wish I could've brought my sister along.
KAGURA: It's not a pet. It's a doll.
 INSPECT: (MALE)Dolls don't pant.
KAGURA: No. It's not a doll. It's a humidifier.
 INSPECT: (MALE)Your humidifier smells like rotten meat!
 INSPECT: (MALE)He's doing it now! He's doing it right next to you!
SAKAMOTO: What?
SAKAMOTO: I was having such a nice nap. Is it already time for my flight?
SAKAMOTO: My head is throbbing. Guess I drank too much yesterday.
SAKAMOTO: I'm covered with sweat.
SAKAMOTO: Huh? It's bright red...
INSPECTOR: Hey! There's a limit to positive thinking!
SAKAMOTO: I feel heavy. This is definitely a hangover.
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
SHINPACHI: What's up with that guy?
CABIN ATTENDANT: Beef or fish?
KAGURA: Beef and fish.
CABIN ATTENDANT: What?
KAGURA: Beef and fish!
GINTOKI: I heard Sadaharu got kidnapped by some strange-looking dude?
KAGURA: That's right. I don't think I'll be able to enjoy the trip anymore.
KAGURA: One more beef and fish.
GINTOKI: That's why I told you to leave him with the old lady.
GINTOKI: I'll have strawberry milk.
GINTOKI: Our trip is ruined from the start.
SHINPACHI: What's ruined is your character.
KAGURA: But I just couldn't leave Sadaharu behind alone.
GINTOKI: Don't start bawling again.
KAGURA: Wow! It's pretty!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
GINTOKI: Small troubles don't seem to matter anymore.
SHINPACHI: You don't want it cleansed!
SHINPACHI: The stains on your soul are the good parts you want to keep!
SHINPACHI: Good grief...
HIJACKER A: Don't move.
OLDER WOMAN: Hijackers! We're being hijacked!
HIJACKER A: Shut up! Nobody move!!
 CAPTION (: (BANNER)[Moe Fighting Spirit]
HIJACKER A: Moe Fighting Spirit, has taken over this ship!
HIJACKER A: How dare you indulge yourselves on a leisurely trip through space.
SHINPACHI: We've got trouble. Gin-san... Gin-san.
SHINPACHI: Hey! You both are about to really become stars!
HIJACKER B: You there. What're you doing? Were you listening to what we said?
HIJACKER C: Damn you!
GINTOKI: You're ten years too young to hijack me!
HIJACKER A: Don't move!
PASSENGERS: Amazing!
GINTOKI: Huh?
HIJACKER D: That was a really stupid move! Die!
SAKAMOTO: I feel awful.
SAKAMOTO: Huh? Did something happen?
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: You bastard!
SAKAMOTO: What?
KAGURA: Give Sadaharu back!
GINTOKI: Th-This guy is...
PASSENGERS: An explosion!
VOICE: The explosion came from the cockpit!
HIJACKER A: It's all over for you guys.
CABIN ATTENDANT: Passengers! Is there anyone among you who can pilot a spaceship?!
SAKAMOTO: Ouch! Oww! What're you doing?!
SAKAMOTO: Who are you?!
SAKAMOTO: Where're you taking me?
SAKAMOTO: How do you know that?
SAKAMOTO: Huh? I've seen you before...
SAKAMOTO: Ohh! You're Kintoki! What're you doing here?
GINTOKI: It's Gintoki! Gintoki!!
CAPTAIN: This the end... I'm the captain... And I'm going down with my ship.
SAKAMOTO: Huh? Did I step on something?
SAKAMOTO: Those guys are crazy to set a bomb on a ship.
GINTOKI: No need to worry. Leave this in his hands.
SAKAMOTO: Let's do it!
SHINPACHI: You're right. His head is empty.
GINTOKI: Hey! Want me to whack you again?
SAKAMOTO: This is the first time I've had to pilot a ship this big.
SAKAMOTO: Where's the ship's wheel?
GINTOKI: That's certainly not it!
SHINPACHI: Huh? It won't budge.
SHINPACHI: Don't come near me!
SHINPACHI: Weren't you supposed to love ships?
SHINPACHI: What a complicated love-hate relationship!
SAKAMOTO: I can see how this is gonna turn out.
SAKAMOTO: The three of you fighting over the wheel is gonna make it break off.
SAKAMOTO: So this is how it turns out!
GINTOKI: It's not funny!
SAKAMOTO: I've made up my mind!
SAKAMOTO: Fighting this war is only sending our comrades to their deaths.
SAKAMOTO: I don't want to see any more of our comrades die.
SAKAMOTO: That's why I'm going into space.
SAKAMOTO: At least we managed to survive.
GINTOKI: Survive?
GINTOKI: How is this "surviving"?
GINTOKI: We crash-landed on a planet whose entire surface looks like an old lady's wrinkled butt.
GINTOKI: And It's all because you broke the wheel back there.
KAGURA: I think I'll go drink some water at that river there.
SHINPACHI: Who's your daddy?!
GINTOKI: Guess I have no choice...
GINTOKI: This isn't good. Her eyes are glassy.
GINTOKI: What're you saying? You guys can't see it?
GINTOKI: There's even a flower garden.
SHINPACHI: Are all of you hopeless?!
PASSENGER: What's that?
PASSENGERS: It's a ship!
MUTSU: And it'll be the last time I do.
MUTSU: I hope your balls rot off and you die.
SAKAMOTO: Well...
SAKAMOTO: They're the "Kaientai" fleet I put together.
SAKAMOTO: But they're not for battles.
SHINPACHI: Company?
SAKAMOTO: That's right. We use these ships to engage in big business.
SAKAMOTO: Loser? Can l go cry now?
SAKAMOTO: It's not military might and ideology that motivates people...it's profit!
SHINPACHI: That's impressive.
SHINPACHI: Our boss is always so wrapped up in himself.
SAKAMOTO: He's harder to pin down than me.
SAKAMOTO: But a man who attracts people to him possesses something special.
SHINPACHI: I'm not sure what it is about him...
SHINPACHI: Huh? What? What the? I don't believe it.
SAKAMOTO: I think the heat has finally gotten to me. I'm seeing strange things.
SHINPACHI: Sakamoto-san!
SAKAMOTO: Never mind. Never mind. It's just a hallucination.
SAKAMOTO: It's okay. Let it be.
SAKAMOTO: It's a hallucination.
SHINPACHI: Sakamoto-san!
CREWMAN A: What is that?!
CREWMAN B: A monster!
SHINPACHI: What in heaven's name is that?
MUTSU: That's a Sand Bug.
MUTSU: It's at the top of the food chain in this planet's ecosystem.
SHINPACHI: What? Now just a minute!
SHINPACHI: How can you be so calm when your boss is in mortal danger?
MUTSU: This is what he gets for always going off and doing things on his own.
SHINPACHI: What? What have you got against him?
SAKAMOTO: I'm not going to die here!
SAKAMOTO: Everybody get away!
SHINPACHI: H-Here it comes!
MUTSU: It's trying to drag the whole ship down into the sand!
SHINPACHI: What?!
SAKAMOTO: The cannons! Send it a greeting with the cannons!
SAKAMOTO: Don't worry about me!
SHINPACHI: B-But Sakamoto-san!
MUTSU: Ready cannons!
CREWMAN A: Ready cannons!
CREWMAN B: Ready cannons!
SHINPACHI: Do you want to kill Sakamoto-san? He's your boss!
MUTSU: Never lose sight of your duty.
MUTSU: We can't endanger the passengers just to save him.
MUTSU: He's a man who left the Anti-Foreigner war and his comrades behind and headed into space.
MUTSU: Duty.
CREWMAN A: Cannons are ready!
MUTSU: Fire!
CREWMAN B: The Sand Bug is escaping under the sand!
CREWMAN B: No! Sakamoto-san is going to be...!
CREWMAN A: Kill it before it burrows under!
DIFFERENT CREWMAN B: Save Sakamoto-san!
GINTOKI: It's burrowing because you scared it with all that shooting.
GINTOKI: Before you "Do Your Duty"... Remember your manners...
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
MUTSU: Look who's talking!
GINTOKI: Were you just all talk? Look at me.
GINTOKI: I'm living my life on my own terms!
SAKAMOTO: I see...
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
GINTOKI: Go off to space or anywhere you want and stir things up.
SAKAMOTO: What're you going to do now?
GINTOKI: I'll take it easy and cast my net right here.
GINTOKI: Maybe I'll catch a shooting star or something... Then release it into the sky.
 SAKA: (M)But it's because you stayed that I was able to journey into space.
 SAKA: (M)Gintoki...
 SAKA: (M)If you fish me up...every time I fall to the ground...
 SAKA: (M)I'll keep on flying
 SAKA: (M)...into the stars!
CREWMAN B: It's Sakamoto-san!
CREWMAN B: Sakamoto-san is alive!
MUTSU: That was reckless.
MUTSU: He was almost swallowed up himself.
SHINPACHI: You said it. What were those two thinking?
KAGURA: What were they thinking? They weren't thinking at all.
SHINPACHI: But...
SHINPACHI: is there something that only they can see...?
GINTOKI: I'm working at a place called the Girly Boy Club.
GINTOKI: Why am I doing this?!
GINTOKI: The next episode: "Cute Faces Are Always Hiding Something."
GINTAMA: It's listed!
SAIGO: You can't escape that easily.
GINTOKI: I already know. I live here.
SAIGO: I'll teach you the noble way of those you call "freaks."
SAIGO: Pound into our new girl how tough it is in this business.
KATSURA: It's not Zura. I'm Zurako.
POPS: It'll be just a little longer.
KATSURA: A little? Do you know how many instant cup noodles I could've made by now?
KATSURA: Recently the crackdown on lawless ronin has gotten stricter.
POPS: Here you go!
KATSURA: Damn you! Did you forget that we ordered before that guy?!
KATSURA: It's your duty to treat...
KATSURA: each customer equally!
SAIGO: Hey. Who're you calling a freak?
KATSURA: And that's how I ended up here.
KATSURA: Don't be ridiculous. I have a duty to save my country!
KATSURA: I don't have time to waste fooling around here.
GINTOKI: I don't want my country saved by a guy who dances to the beat of a place like this.
AGOMI: Who're you calling Agomi?
WAKAME: I'm Wakame.
GINTOKI: Pako.
KATSURA: Zurako.
CUSTOMER A: Does this place intend to make me drunk with those faces?
VANEKO: That's harsh!
WAKAME: I'm so shocked...
AGOMI: More noble than a woman,
AGOMI: Stronger than a man...
AGOMI: That's Mama's favorite phrase.
KATSURA: Why're you limiting her strength to her chin?
KATSURA: But Mademoiselle Saigo's strength is extraordinary.
AGOMI: White Loincloth Saigo... or something like that.
KATSURA: White Loincloth Saigo... I've heard that name somewhere before...
KID A: Come on and fight!
KID B: That's why he's such a weakling!
KID B: Infectious homo liquid!
KID A: Run!
AGOMI: Te-Teru-kun!
SAIGO: Teruhiko!
SAIGO: What happened?!
GINTOKI: There are lots of Blue Beards around here.
SAIGO: I'm not talking to you jackasses! Beat it!
SAIGO: I'm not Dad! Call me Mom!!
SAIGO: What've you been doing? Are you hiding something?
TERUHIKO: with my friends on the way home.
SAIGO: Just a minute!
SAIGO: Teruhiko!
KATSURA: Kid.
KATSURA: You forgot something.
KATSURA: Don't worry. I haven't shown it to your father.
KATSURA: It's not "auntie." It's Katsura.
KATSURA: Are you sure it's okay?
KATSURA: If your father doesn't come?
KATSURA: You don't want to be teased again?
TERUHIKO: I don't care about that. I'm used to it.
TERUHIKO: I love my Dad.
GINTOKI: Leave her alone.
AGOMI: Don't you mean "woman"?!
SAIGO: I really feel terrible for that boy.
GINTOKI: So...you do understand?
GINTOKI: That makes this easier...
SAIGO: Teruhiko's mother died before he was old enough to remember.
SAIGO: is more beautiful than any man's or woman's.
KID B: Weak little girly.
TERUHIKO: Stop saying that! I'm not weak!
TERUHIKO: And I'll prove it.
GINTOKI: Huh? You sure you're awake?
KATSURA: I'm worried about that father and son.
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
GINTOKI: What is it with you?! Just do what you want by yourself!
GINTOKI: Hell if I know!
GINTOKI: You're saying samurai should get involved in a kid's fight?
KID B: I don't care! It was his idea!
KID B: Ow-ow-ow.
KID B: What're you doing? Lemme go!
KID A: You guys are gross!
GINTOKI: He meant you Mr. bleached white face. Play more outdoors.
KATSURA: Give me back the lunch money you stole.
KID B: It was a test of courage.
KID A: There's a test of courage that's popular among us kids.
GINTOKI: An abandoned house?
KID A: It's not an abandoned house. It's in there.
KID A: There's definitely something in there.
GINTOKI: How'd you make through such a narrow opening?
KATSURA: What're you doing...?
GINTOKI: I can't move forwards or backwards.
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow.
GINTOKI: It's no use. Leave me here. I'll live here from now on!
KID A: It's in here... Something mysterious...
GINTOKI: Teruhiko-kun?
GINTOKI: You bastard! You'd just leave me here?!
KATSURA: You said you wanted to live there.
GINTOKI: What would I use a castella cake for?!
GINTOKI: Zurako!
KATSURA: Whatever!
GINTOKI: I know! That's it!
GINTOKI: I'll give you my leather jacket with "Samurai" printed on the back.
GINTOKI: It's what you always wanted!
KATSURA: Who'd wear a tacky jacket like that?!
JIIYA: Who the hell are you calling "squirt"?
JIIYA: Do you have any idea who this squirt is?
GINTOKI: Heavens no! How sick. Is that the Jomon pickup line?
GINTOKI: What was that? That growl?!
KATSURA: Something's coming. This time... Something's coming!
GINTOKI: Hey! It's an angel and a devil rolled into one!
KATSURA: An angel and devil dancing cheek to cheek!!
GINTOKI: No way! He just ate your head nub thingy!
GINTOKI: Look out! This isn't funny!
KID A: Yeah...
KID A: Yo-chan! Where're you going? Yo-chan!
KATSURA: You really had us worried. Are you hurt?
TERUHIKO: I could as you the same question!
KATSURA: You're just an exposed head yourself. Namu Amida Butsu.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Kagura! Sadaharu! Farewell!
KATSURA: I see.
KATSURA: There's nothing to worry about anymore. We've come to save you.
GINTOKI: Never mind that. We're glad you're safe.
TERUHIKO: Yeah. I was hiding up in a tree the whole time.
TERUHIKO: I didn't dare come down. Then I saw you being carried off by that thing.
JIIYA: Go right ahead.
JIIYA: We're all going to die here anyway.
TERUHIKO: What have I done?
TERUHIKO: But...
TERUHIKO: But no one sees that. They don't even try.
TERUHIKO: It makes me so angry...
TERUHIKO: I'm... so frustrated.
GINTOKI: You...
JIIYA: What're you saying?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Hey! He's coming this way!
KATSURA: That's enough! Forget about us and just run away!
TERUHIKO: Shut up! I'm strong! I won't run away!
KATSURA: This is no time to say such things! Hurry!
KATSURA: Runnnn!!
GINTOKI: You are strong...
GINTOKI/KATSURA: We already knew that!
GINTOKI: You and your dad are both men of strong spirit.
GINTOKI: You think nobody can see that? Don't be stupid.
TERUHIKO: Auntie...
SAIGO: As if you would know.
TERUHIKO: M-Mom!
KATSURA: I remember now...
KATSURA: there was a man who wore nothing but a white loincloth when he stormed the enemy battleship.
KATSURA: He fought until that white loincloth was stained crimson with the blood of the enemy.
KATSURA: His exploits are legend.
KATSURA: He's our great Senpai.
TERUHIKO: M-Mom... I'm sorry. I...
SAIGO: Hey.
SAIGO: You two are fired.
SAIGO: And one other thing...
SAIGO: We'll treat you real special.
GINTOKI: He scares me.
KATSURA: Looks like we didn't need to worry.
KATSURA: They're no different than samurai. They have a path of their own to follow.
TERUHIKO: My Father-Mother.
TERUHIKO: But they're all good people.
TERUHIKO: I love you all. The end.
GINTOKI: Really?
SHINPACHI: We have to celebrate!
GINTOKI: The next episode: "A Shared Soup Pot is a Microcosm of Life."
KAGURA: Higher-ups? Like who?
KAGURA: Let's start then.
GINTOKI: Let's get started!
GINTOKI: We're supposed to look back. Someone reminisce!
SHINPACHI: I don't like compliments like that.
GINTOKI: You really think we'd do anything that despicable?
SHINPACHI: Yeah. Yeah.
KAGURA: My bad.  I said a stupid thing.
GINTOKI: Now!
GINTOKI: You guys pulled it apart. So much drama over silly sukiyaki.
KAGURA: Damn it! You guys tricked me!
KAGURA: It's your fault that my heart is turning blacker and colder!
GINTOKI: That's how we grow up to become adults.
GINTOKI: Aren't you lucky? You took one step towards becoming a grown up.
KAGURA: I'll never believe anything Gin-chan says ever again!
GINTOKI: That's a good thing to keep in mind. Hate me more. Blame me! And curse me!
KAGURA: It's your head that's rotten!
 SHIN: (M)This is bad. So it's come down to this.
GINTOKI: {\i1}Then tell me what's inside that hair bun head of yours?
KAGURA: {\i1}What's in here are the pure thoughts of a young girl.
KAGURA: {\i1}More like radioactive waste.
 SHIN: (M)I should be thinking about protecting it from those greedy two.
GINTOKI: {\i1}What's that supposed to mean? There isn't a pun anywhere in that line.
KAGURA: {\i1}I'm sick and tired of your old jokes.
GINTOKI: {\i1}I don't give a damn!
GINTOKI: {\i1}The cute little girl with the poison tongue. That's so yesterday.
GINTOKI: A kid like you wouldn't understand the mature body odor of a grown-up.
SHINPACHI: That's enough for me.
SHINPACHI: I don't want to eat if we're gonna fight over it. This is stupid.
 SHIN: (M)Come!
 SHIN: (M)Come on!
 SHIN: (M)Bring it on!
GINTOKI: Oh well...
GINTOKI: It's not like I really wanted to eat meat anyway.
 SHIN: (M)Yes! But I think my act was more effective than I anticipated.
 SHIN: (M)It feels like this might end right here.
 SHIN: (M)So I can't backtrack and suggest we heat up the nabe again.
 GINT: (M)This is bad.
 GINT: (M)but I didn't expect Kagura to agree.
 GINT: (M)It'll be next to impossible to start up the nabe again.
 GINT: (M)And we haven't even started.
 GINT: (M)I want to eat meat. I'm craving it so badly. I want to stuff myself with it!
 SHIN: (M)We're all the same! We're all one at heart!
SHINPACHI: I'm sure of it. So what? Are you that hungry?
KAGURA: I'm not hungry. I'm full.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: You idiot!
GINTOKI: You're a growing child!
GINTOKI: What do you think will happen if you suck on stuff like that and don't eat properly?!
SHINPACHI: Don't you feel grateful towards the farmers and the cow?!
SHINPACHI: C'mon. You can have some of mine.
KAGURA: Really?
GINTOKI: Sure. I said I bought it for you guys.
GINTOKI: Not that I'm especially hungry.
SHINPACHI: Oh okay. I'm not craving meat much either.
SHINPACHI: But I've been taught that it's wasteful to leave such things uneaten.
 SHIN: (M)Phew...got past that hurdle. But it's harder than before to reach for some meat.
 SHIN: (M)Isn't there something to break this tension?
 GINT: (M)Isn't there something?
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Isn't there...something?!
KATSURA: That was a close call.
 SHIN: (M)Never mind that. What're you guys doing here?!
KATSURA: There was an unforeseen circumstance.
GINTOKI: Oh yeah?
 GINT: (M)You big liar!
KATSURA: We'll try our beef not to trouble you and take advantage of your green onions.
KATSURA: We're sorry konjak. We're grateful - sukiyaki.
 SHIN: (M)What's he saying?!
 KATS: (M)It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
 GINT: (M)Yeah right. It's so obvious he's lying!
SHINPACHI: Oh please. Let's all enjoy this together.
 GINT: (M)Wh-What?! What is this pretty boy thinking?!
 GINT: (M)Trying to act so nice and sweet!
 GINT: (M)Sweeter than mixing strawberry milk and sweet bean jam!
KATSURA: Thank you.
 SHIN: (M)The aura of hesitation that our war of words created has dissipated thanks to their entrance.
 SHIN: (M)The challenge is who will go on the offensive in this quiet calm
 SHIN: (M)and grab the first piece of beef!
 GINT: (M)And he is the...
 GINT: (M)Nabe Shogun!
 GINT: (M)Here goes the first strategy!
 SHIN: (M)The one who takes command wins!
 SHIN: (M)she has the power right now to reach naturally for the next serving.
 GINT: (M)But there's no need to worry about her.
 SHIN: (M)And these other two. They're not too dangerous.
 GINT: (M)There's a high possibility that he'll ignore this high-charged atmosphere
 GINT: (M)and go right into the nabe with his chopsticks.
 GINT: (M)Whoa! He's so dexterous!
 GINT: (M)The biggest problem is with Shinpachi.
 SHIN: (M)Darn it! Why didn't I offer a bowl to Gin-san after Kagura-chan?!
 SHIN: (M)or given myself the opportunity to reach into the nabe more often...
 SHIN: (M)the title of Nabe Shogun would have been mine!
 SHIN: (M)Wait! Kagura-chan is almost done eating.
 SHIN: (M)How about if I offer to fill her bowl again?
 SHIN: (M)No! I won't have a second chance.
 SHIN: (M)That's because she's sure to want to do it herself this time.
 SHIN: (M)She won't take kindly to someone's offer.
 SHIN: (M)Well then...it's all or nothing!
 SHIN: (M)Got it!
 SHIN: (M)Wha--?!
 GINT: (M)The Nabe Shogun...
 GINT: (M)is me!
 GINT: (M)Chopsticks?!
 GINT: (M)No way! Not in that instant...?!
 SHIN: (M)Go! Chopstick Scud Missile!
 KATS: (M)All these days of obscurity were for this moment!
 GINT: (M)Huh?! What?!
 SHIN: (M)She decided the outcome in one move?!
 KATS: (M)This strategy...
 GINT: (M)She's the only one who'll eat the nabe now.
 GINT: (M)No...this woman...!!
 KATS: (M)She's not pure at all!
 GINT: (M)This kid has shirataki coming out of her nose!
 SHIN: (M)[Shivering]
 KAGU: (M)It was a ruse to put all of you greenhorns off guard and take the seat of the Nabe Shogun.
 SHIN: (M)What?!
 KATS: (M)She's swallowing it in one gulp!
 GINT: (M)People of the Yato Clan must have monstrous bellies!
KATHERINE: 'Evening!
OTOSE: How rude! I told you to wait until I closed shop.
KATHERINE: As if they know what patience means.
OTOSE: Don't tell me you're having pork in sukiyaki?
OTOSE: Come on! Isn't this a party? How pitiful.
KATHERINE: It's perfect for these guys.
 KAGU: (M)Pork?!
 KAGU: (M)Th-That's ridiculous?! Pork? Impossible!
 KAGU: (M)I know it tasted like beef.
 KAGU: (M)beef and egg bowl and BBQ beef bowl I always eat.
 KATS: (M)She's right! It was the same scent that I always get a whiff of...
 KATS: (M)The aroma that wafts through the air the moment that shop door opens.
OTOSE: Move. This is my seat.
GINTOKI: Cripes.
 KAGU: (M)No way...!
 KATS: (M)No way...
 GINT: (M)Cheap pork!!
 GINT: (M)Beef is such an expensive delicacy...
 OMIT: (M)Th-That's...! So everything I believed...was a lie!
 KAGU: (M)That was pork...and the pork was that!
 SHIN: (M)One down.
 GINT: (M)Zura is not easy to take down.
 KATS: (M)And as if I'd die over something like this!\NI haven't accomplished anything yet!
OTOSE: We have to eat good things once in a while.
KATHERINE: Oh! Mt. Fuji! Geisha! Sukiyaki!
 GINT: (M)This is it...
 GINT: (M)and a middle-aged broad with one foot in the mud.
 GINT: (M)Easy foes!
 GINT: (M)He's the problem.
 SHIN: (M)I made the first move!
 GINT: (M)That guy! He's using the same strategy!
OTOSE: Don't worry. Let's just all serve ourselves.
 SHIN: (M)Shucks! I didn't see that coming!
 SHIN: (M)Now everyone will indiscriminately reach into the nabe pot!
 GINT: (M)It backfired...
 GINT: (M)He failed in his attempt to be generous.
 GINT: (M)And he didn't bank on the possibility that it could counter his strategy!
 GINT: (M)Blame your youth on that!
 GINT: (M)That's true... No need to think deeply anymore.
 KATS: (M)I agree. Men don't turn their backs on a fight.
 SHIN: (M)The winner is the one who first reaches the nabe!
 ALL : (M)The Nabe Shogun...
 GINT: (M)is me!
 SHIN: (M)is me!
 KATS: (M)is me!
 GINT: (M)Wh-Wha--?!
 SHIN: (M)What's that?!
 GINT: (M)R-Ridiculous!
 SHIN: (M)How could this...?!
 GINT: (M)Can't reach the beef...
 SHIN: (M)Can't get my chopsticks even close...
 KATS: (M)to the nabe...!
 GINT: (M)we will lose!
 GINT: (M)They're not Nabe Shogun...
 GINT: (M)They're...Emperors!
 GINT: (M)Th-They're in a different class from us!
 GINT: (M)The pot is so far... I can't reach it!
 SHIN: (M)What were we fighting for until now?
 SHIN: (M)Was all that suffering meaningless?!
 GINT: (M)No...!
 SHIN: (M)No...!
OTOSE: What?!
KATHERINE: What?!
SHINPACHI: That's why...!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: ...can't be lost!
KAGURA: No way!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Nabeleon!
OTOSE/KATHERINE: Huh?!
KAGURA: It sorta smells like milk and doesn't taste that good. I think I prefer pork.
GINTOKI: Why you?! Are you teasing us?!
SHINPACHI: Spit it out! Spit it all out!
SHINIGAMI: Humans are so worthless.
SHINPACHI: But why'd you join a bike gang?
SHINPACHI: If...If I had rescued you back then...
SHINPACHI: The next episode: "Don't Be Shy - Just Raise Your Hand and Say It."
GINTOKI: For time adjustment!
SHINPACHI: For real?!
SHINPACHI/GINTOKI/KAGURA: Gin Tama supports "DEATH NOTE"!
SHINPACHI: What're you doing?
TAKACHIN: What?! I didn't...!
TAKACHIN: Sh-Shin-chan?
SHINPACHI: Takachin?
GINTOKI: Quit worrying about your hair and be more confident about yourself!
TAKACHIN: Like I was gonna use all of this myself!
GINTOKI: Then what? A condiment?
TAKACHIN: Shut up! How many years do you think have passed?
TAKACHIN: So just take me wherever...to the police station or the magistrate.
TAKACHIN: Don't expect me to be grateful.
TAKACHIN: I'll just come back again.
SHINPACHI: And I'll stop you again.
SHINPACHI: Leave Takachin alone!
TAKICHIN: Shin-chan!
BULLY B: We'll make you cry too!
DELINQUENT B: Go ahead and cry!
SHINPACHI: I will not! I'm a samurai's son!
TAKACHIN: Brings back memories.
TAKACHIN: I don't wanna hear your excuses!
TAKACHIN: I'm in a gang now.
TAKACHIN: Heard of them? The Bulldogs?
TAKACHIN: I don't need to rely on your strength anymore. I'm strong now!
OTAE: [Note: Chinko means penis.]
OTAE: Takachinko? Who's that?
SHINPACHI: Not Takachinko. Takachin.
OTAE: I've forgotten about the past.
OTAE: I've decided to be more forward-thinking.
KAGURA: Yay! Big sis!
OTAE: I tried making something new.
OATE: Here you go. Rolled omelets.
KAGURA: I'll go and get some drinks!.
OTAE: This is a convenience store. You can find all the drinks you need right here.
OTAE: You mustn't embarrass a girl like that.
OTAE: Shin-chan...?
SHINPACHI: Sister...
SHINPACHI: They fight and steal without a care.
OTAE: [Note: Chinpo also means penis.]
SHINPACHI: It's my fault that Takachin turned that way. I turned my back on him.
SHINPACHI: When he was at his lowest point...
SHINPACHI: The springtime of youth is like a sandcastle. The smallest thing can make it crumble.
SHINPACHI: What should I have done back then?
SHINPACHI: How could I have answered Takachin's call?
HEIZO: You useless idiot! Who said to get regular-hold mousse?!
HEIZO: I need extra control styling mousse to hold my hair in place!
OMITTEDTAKACHIN: I-I'm sorry. I ran into a little trouble.
TAKACHIN: Wh-What's this?!
HEIZO: Wh-Wha--?!
HEIZO: Who the hell are you?!
SHINPACHI: Who am I? You must be some amateur if you don't know who I am.
TAKACHIN: Sh-Shin-chan...
TAKACHIN: What're you doing here?! This is no place for you!
TAKACHIN: Go home!
SHINPACHI: Excuse me!
SHINPACHI: Who's your leader?
HEIZO: Huh? As if our Chairman would see a guy like you!
SHINPACHI: I'm here to take Hachibei Takaya back.
TAKACHIN: Wh-What're you saying?! Otsu-chan Fan Club? What the hell is that? I...
SHINPACHI: Takachin. I'm just like you.
SHINPACHI: Joining a gang and hiding behind the ferocity of some other guy's strength...
SHINPACHI: Do you really want to be like these uncool guys?
HEIZO: And what makes you think you can do anything alone!
GINTOKI: He's not alone!
KAGURA: The Otsu-chan Fan Club Special Attack Squad "Maltese" has arrived!
GINTOKI: Pleased to make your acquaintance.
CHAIRMAN: Hey... My hairline looks unnatural today.
CHAIRMAN: I guess I'll just have to glue it on today.
HEIZO: Chairma-a-a-an!
HEIZO: S-Sorry!
HEIZO: Huh? Where should I have knocked?
CHAIRMAN: Knock in your heart! What do you want?
HEIZO: We've got trouble!! A bunch of guys came to fight and they're crazy strong!
GINTOKI: Slaaaash!
CHAIRMAN: What're you jerks doing?!
DELINQUENTS: Chairman!
HEIZO: Chairman... I think something happened to your head.
CHAIRMAN: Just the four of you taking on the Bulldogs? Edo's strongest and fastest gang?
CHAIRMAN: Who are you guys?
GINTOKI: Huh? We're the...you know. Special Force...um...what was it?
OTAE: Huh? Special Force Pomeranian... Wasn't that it?
SHINPACHI: It's Maltese. At least remember our gang name.
GINTOKI: Oh yeah! We're the Malcheese!
HEIZO: Huh? "Don't mess with Maltese"? I don't get it...
CHAIRMAN: Never heard of you. What do you want anyway?!
OMITTEDSHINPACHI: We're taking Takachin with us! I won't let you force my friend to shoplift!
CHAIRMAN: Takachin? Do we have a member named that?
CHAIRMAN: And? Where is he?
HEIZO: Over there.
SHINPACHI: Hey! What're you doing?!
SHINPACHI: How could you make a mistake?!
SHINPACHI: Hey!
HEIZO: But Chairman!
CHAIRMAN: The rules are simple.
CHAIRMAN: You ride motorbikes to the edge of town... to the freeway that's under construction.
CHAIRMAN: All of you have to race. And we'll have four from our team.
CHAIRMAN: Are you really a bike gang?!
CHAIRMAN: I guess we have no choice.
KAGURA: What a thing to tell a lady!
FATSO: Ready...get...set... Go Bull...
FATSO: ...dogs!
HEIZO: You're all gonna die here!
HEIZO: Do it!
HEIZO: Flatten 'em!
CHAIRMAN: Heizo!
GINTOKI: Go ahead and pee.
MATSUTARO: That's the power of our ultra moisturizer! Just lie there and grovel!
GINTOKI: Why you--!
MATSUTARO: Wh-What?!
CHAIRMAN: She used her teammate as a springboard!
OTAE: I won't allow anybody to pass me!
OTAE: I am the wind! Born free like the wind! Yahoo!
SHINPACHI: Huh?! Sis! Did you pass into another dimension or something?
OTAE: It feels so good!
MATSUTARO: You're not going to pass us!
OTAE: What're you doing?! I have three kilometers more to go! Don't interfere!
SHINPACHI: He's bald!
MATSUTARO: Why are you over explaining it like that?
CHAIRMAN: Oh no! Seriously?
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
KAGURA: Just hang in there a little longer! Hang on!
CHAIRMAN: What the hell is this brat?!
KAGURA: What's the big deal with rabble rousing biker gangs?!
SHINPACHI: Who is that?!
KAGURA: It's Gin-chan!
KAGURA: That's why I told him to switch the sake with strawberry milk!
SHINPACHI: Don't blame the sake! Your head's to blame!
CHAIRMAN: You guys are better as comedians than a biker gang!
GINTOKI: Oh yeah?
GINTOKI: Looks like you're the comedian! What with your fly away wig and all!
CHAIRMAN: Why you--!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
CHAIRMAN: Was that girl just a decoy? You pulled my attention offa you...
GINTOKI: I could send you straight to hell right now with my Special Samurai German Suplex.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Go on and win this one for us.
SHINPACHI: Right!
UNDERLING A: Cripes!
UNDERLING A: What a pain in the ass!
UNDERLING B: What's the point of rescuing a useless idiot like you?
UNDERLING D: Maybe they ran away.
UNDERLING A: That's possible. Maybe they groveled before the Chairman and begged for forgiveness.
UNDERLING C: They're late.
UNDERLING C: Maybe they really are dead.
UNDERLING C: Say something!
UNDERLING A: Right. Flies attract flies. A scumbag is bound to have scumbag friends!
UNDERLING D: What?
UNDERLING D: No way!
UNDERLING C: Don't tell me he made it through all the traps!
UNDERLING B: What about the bike?! He ran the whole way?!
UNDERLING A: Never mind the bike! The Chairman doesn't have his wig!
 SHIN: (M)I hated my own weakness... and I always wanted to be strong...
 SHIN: (M)That's why...
TAKACHIN: You fool...
TAKACHIN: Do you know how hard it was for me to join that gang?
SHINPACHI: Takachin...
TAKACHIN: Back there... the chairman said he was impressed with your spirit.
TAKACHIN: I had to explain that I couldn't let my friend get mixed up in something like that.
HASEGAWA: I've got to stop asking those jerks for help.
GINTOKI: What's this?
SHINPACHI: Otsu-chan! Popular idol singer turned fighter!
GINTOKI: The next episode: "Some Things Can't Be Cut with a Sword."
OKITA: I especially like seeing women fight.
KAGURA: You shouldn't laugh at someone who's trying hard!
GINTOKI: Stop saying that. It's obvious that you're interrupting the match.
OKITA: I'll take you to a more entertaining show.
GINTOKI: A more entertaining show?
OKITA: It's a meeting place for inhabitants of the underworld.
OKITA: Ordinary people never get a chance to see this.
GINTOKI: This is...
GINTOKI: ...an underground fighting arena?
OKITA: This is the Rengokukan.
OKITA: What you see before you...
OKITA: ...is an honest-to-god...
OKITA: ...Death Match!
ANNOUNCE: The winner is...Kidomaru!
SHINPACHI: It's hard to believe...
OKITA: How often do you get the chance to see a real fight?
KAGURA: If I can't sleep tonight you'll pay!
OKITA: That's why I can't do anything.
GINTOKI: You mean government officials are involved?
OKITA: One wrong step and it's goodbye Shinsengumi.
OKITA: Freelancers like you have it made.
GINTOKI: Let me tell you something: I'm not going to work for you.
OKITA: That's funny. I thought you were a fellow human being.
OKITA: I thought you hated this crap as much as I do.
OKITA: Look over there.
OKITA: Kidomaru is Rengokukan's strongest fighter.
OKITA: Let's find out what's up with him.
GINTOKI: Hey.
OKITA: Don't worry. This is my personal favor. It has nothing to do with the Shinsengumi.
OKITA: No one else knows about this place.
GINTOKI: Is he really here?
SHINPACHI: Yes. I saw him coming in.
SHINPACHI: I'm a bit surprised to learn that Okita-san is an earnest man.
SHINPACHI: He can't stand impropriety.
KAGURA: I hate that guy.
SHINPACHI: It's not a money issue!
SHINPACHI: Did you just hear someone scream?
GINTOKI: You guys...
GINTOKI: stay here!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: What's going on?
DOSHIN: The thief!
DOSHIN: Sorry. I'm sorry I did that.
GINTOKI: Idiot. How can buttocks look suspicious?
GINTOKI: Damn it! My ass is splitting in two.
DOSHIN: Demon? It sounds strange.
GINTOKI: I'm not interested in some petty demon.
GINTOKI: My target is his boss.
DOSHIN: Treasure...
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Whoa!
GINTOKI: Y-Y-You! What the hell do you think you are doing?!
DOSHIN: What were you doing?
DOSHIN: I know you followed me from the fighting arena.
SHINPACHI: What? What? Really? Then you are...?!
GINTOKI: Are you sure?
DOSHIN: Are you sure? You're having tea with a bloody demon.
GINTOKI: It's hard to believe that someone who takes care of so many children could be a demon.
SHINPACHI: Who are these children?
DOSHIN: They're all my children.
DOSHIN: No... They were all abandoned children.
GINTOKI: Orphans? Don't tell me you're doing that kind of thing to take care of them.
DOSHIN: Do I look like a worthy human being? A saint covered in blood...?
GINTOKI: So you...
DOSHIN: I've always been strong...and everybody called me "Killer".
DOSHIN: I was sent to jail and I waited for my head to roll.
DOSHIN: But someone had their eye on me and paid to get me out.
DOSHIN: You can probably guess the rest.
DOSHIN: If you guys are trying to destroy the Rengokukan... Take my advice.  Don't.
GINTOKI: Are you suggesting we'll end up as meat for the demon?
DOSHIN: A demon doesn't strike unless someone touches his treasure.
DOSHIN: But he'll do anything to protect his children.
GINTOKI: There's no way a demon would say something like that.
GINTOKI: You look like a good father to me.
DOSHIN: But I'm raising my children with dirty money...
GINTOKI: And you have regrets about what you did.
DOSHIN: I chose my first child...because I just wanted to unburden myself...
CHILD A: Sensei! Sensei! How do I look? Are you listening to me?
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
SHINPACHI: Give those back!
SHINPACHI: [Odd Jobs - Gintoki Sakata]
GINTOKI: I'll give you a great discount.
KAGURA: Yeah... Bye!
DOSHIN: That's right...They're our first and our last.
OKITA: The big fish...just isn't sticking its nose out. All I get are minnows.
HIJIKATA: You worked hard on your day off.
HIJIKATA: I didn't know you were so dedicated...
GINTOKI: What's this?
HIJIKATA: It's the Katsudon Hijikata Special.
GINTOKI: Nobody wants this kind of "special"!
HIJIKATA: Fine.  Eat your sugar until you die.
OKITA: Hijikata-san is amazing. He can turn Katsudon into dog food.
HIJIKATA: What's this? I wonder why I feel so defeated after buying your meals.
GINTOKI: Are you really a big official?
GINTOKI: Are you sure you're going to ignore a crime that's right under your nose?
HIJIKATA: We'll eventually take care of it.
HIJIKATA: Do you know those guys called the Tendo sect?
HIJIKATA: They turned the Shogun into a puppet and are remaking this country just the way they like it.
HIJIKATA: They hold the real power in this country.
HIJIKATA: That blood soaked arena is...
HIJIKATA: Tendo Sect's Playground.
TENDOSHU A: Where's our star? Anybody seen Kidomaru?
TENDOSHU A: It's time for him to retire. That's all right.
TENDOSHU A: We've got someone new already lined up.
SHINPACHI: Why did you call me "Pasta"? There's nothing like that related to me.
SHINPACHI: Yama-san?
KAGURA: My full name is Kagura Yamamoto.
KAGURA: Our boss was caught by those creeps and can't do anything.
SHINPACHI: I wonder if he's under interrogation.
SHINPACHI: Interrogation reminds me of Katsudon... I'm getting sick of anpan.
SHINPACHI: I want to eat pasta...
DOSHIN: Excuse me. But your backs are wide open.
DOSHIN: I'm leaving Edo...
DOSHIN: I want to say with confidence that I'm their father.
SHINPACHI: Doshin-san...
KAGURA: Get out of here... Fast!
SHINPACHI: I don't know what he's thinking.
SHINPACHI: but I'm sure Gin-san would do the same thing.
DOSHIN: Thank you!
CHILD C: Sensei! Why are we in such a hurry?
CHILD C: Sensei!
DOSHIN: I wish I could've met people like them earlier.
ONISHISHI: Don't kid yourself.
ONISHISHI: Did you really think you could run away from me?
DIRECTOR: Is he finished?
DIRECTOR: Even Kidomaru wasn't able to handle a real demon.
DIRECTOR: Now you're the new king of the Rengokukan.
DIRECTOR: Onijishi.
CHILD B: Where are you going?
CHILD A: We'll go anywhere with you.
DOSHIN: Well...I will go anywhere as long as I'm with you guys.
DOSHIN: But...It doesn't appear I can go any further.
CHILD C: Are you crying again?
CHILD A: Is it because you are so happy? You cry so easily!
DOSHIN: Right... You're right... I'm happy...for so much.
GINTOKI: It's not a good day to hear a tearjerker story.
SHINPACHI: If only we'd stuck with him all the way...
GINTOKI: It's not your fault. He was a killer.
GINTOKI: I'm sure he was prepared to die that way.
OKITA: Let's leave things where they are. Nothing good will come of getting deeper.
OKITA: You guys! Didn't I tell you not to come here?
CHILD E: This is...
CHILD E: my treasure.
OKITA: That's enough. Time to go home.
CHILD A: I already know...
GINTOKI: Is this one of those Dokkiri-man stickers?
CHILD E: That's right. How did you know?
GINTOKI: Why? I'll tell you why?
GINTOKI: Because I'm a huge Dokkiri-man collector.
GINTOKI: I'll do anything for this one.
GINTOKI: It'll be too late if you tell me you want it back later.
CHILD E: Brother!
CHILDREN: Wow!
HIJIKATA: They're really tough people to go up against...especially for a punk like you.
HIJIKATA: You're already dead.
GINTOKI: I won't cause you any trouble. Get out of my way.
HIJIKATA: I don't care if you die. But you're not even trying to save yourself?
GINTOKI: I have an organ that's bigger than my heart.
GINTOKI: My soul...will tear in half.
GINTOKI: I'd rather my heart stopped than lost what's most important to me.
GINTOKI: Even when I'm old and my spine is bent...my soul's got to be straight.
HIJIKATA: You're saying that you're going to die for your own aesthetic theory? That's romanticism.
SHINPACHI: What are you saying? I think all men are romantics.
KAGURA: So are women.
SHINPACHI: But is it too unbalanced?
SHINPACHI: What will happen if all men and all women become stupid?
KAGURA: Let's go find out.
HIJIKATA: What's the matter with all these people?
OKITA: Really... They're all crazy...
OKITA: Are they risking their lives for something like this? That's stupid.
HIJIKATA: So true.
DIRECTOR: What incredible power! He's Onijishi from the Dakini clan!
DIRECTOR: No wonder he killed the strong Kidomaru so easily.
TENDOSHU A: Even samurai are like babies against him.
DIRECTOR: But I think Kidomaru was pathetic. He should've heeled and let us keep him as a pet.
DIRECTOR: Is that...
DIRECTOR: No way! He was...?!
TENDOSHU A: This is interesting...
TENDOSHU A: Kidomaru... He's rising from hell to get revenge.
ONISHISHI: Bastard... How did you get here? I could've sworn I killed you...the other day...
GINTOKI: I've been so pissed off that my soul can't find any rest!
GINTOKI: What are you going to do about it?
ONISHISHI: This place is no longer your place.
ONISHISHI: I'll destroy it!
TENDOSHU A: It's over.
TENDOSHU A: He did pretty well for a human.
TENDOSHU A: Those eyes...
TENDOSHU A: ...are the real...
TENDOSHU A: Those are the eyes of a true samurai!
DIRECTOR: You completely blew up our show!
DIRECTOR: Do you know what kind of place this is?
DIRECTOR: What?!
SHINPACHI: First!
SHINPACHI: Filthy blood suckers of humanity!!
KAGURA: Second!!
KAGURA: Soulless acts of evil!
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Third...
GINTOKI: Third...throbbing hot housewives!
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: No!
MATSUDAIRA: I don't need those numbers. Number "one" is all a man needs to live.
KONDO: But you just said you'd give me three seconds!
KONDO: Huh?! What are you talking about?
MATSUDAIRA: When I picked you guys up off the street...how many years ago was that anyway?
MATSUDAIRA: I wish I could start over again. I wish I could start from scratch.
KONDO: What do you mean?
MATSUDAIRA: I told you not to cause trouble.
MATSUDAIRA: but I never thought you'd get involved in the Rengokukan.
MATSUDAIRA: My goodness! I still have a mortgage to pay!
MATSUDAIRA: What are you gonna to do about that?!
KONDO: What! The Tendo sect?!
KONDO: I heard a rumor that the Tendo sect controls the Shogun and is the real power behind the Bakufu!
MATSUDAIRA: They control the Shogun and are the real power behind the Bakufu!
KONDO: You're the one who's loud! And you're making an assertion about the Tendo sect.
MATSUDAIRA: I'm saying that you were meddling in their territory!
KONDO: What?! You say we mixed up with Tendo business?!
KONDO: Th-They did this... While I was gone...
MATSUDAIRA: Doing anything to us publicly will be the same as admitting
MATSUDAIRA: they were involved with the Rengokukan.
MATSUDAIRA: What I would rather concern myself with is that
KETSUNO: Virgos...
KONDO: I'm going home!
MATSUDAIRA: What are you doing?!
KONDO: No! I don't want to die with an ugly old coot like you!
KONDO: I want to die with my head on Otae-san's lap!
MATSUDAIRA: Idiot! Dying is part of the Bushido code!
KONDO: We'll survive?
MATSUDAIRA: Maybe...
KONDO: Let me go home!
MATSUDAIRA: The important thing is how you live your life!
KONDO: No! I want to have my life full of joy and girls!
MATSUDAIRA: It all depends on your fortune. Believe in your fortune.
KONDO: Fortune.
KONDO: Hey old man... What's your sign?
MATSUDAIRA: Huh? Virgo.
KONDO: What a disaster!
KONDO: It's 100 percent certain that we're going to die! It's a death drive! It's hopeless!
KONDO: Shut up! I can't believe you're a Virgo!
KONDO: You don't act like one at all!
KONDO: You must've been born under the sign of the Yakuza!!
MATSUDAIRA: I don't want to hear that from you!
MATSUDAIRA: Why don't I shoot you into space right now?! You could be a new sign!! Gorilla Major!
HASEGAWA: Give me a break!
HASEGAWA: What?!
HASEGAWA: W-W-What are you talking about?! I'm...
HASEGAWA: What are you thinking?!
TASHIRO: All...right...
MATSUDAIRA: Idiot! He wore sunglasses. So he was an assassin.
KONDO: Eh?!
MATSUDAIRA: This is just between you and me...
OTAE: Such a bad gorilla! He's threatening me! Stop acting so sassy toward humans!
KETSUNO: Today's worst misfortune is reserved for Virgos. You'll die today.
KONDO: ...will die today...
SHINPACHI: Sister! He's not a gorilla! He's Kondo-san! Not a gorilla!
MATSUDAIRA: I'll shoot you if you don't start driving by the time I count to ten.
MATSUDAIRA: Ten.
KONDO: You even didn't count! I'm sure you didn't!
OTAE: Almost.
KAGURA: I know! This chuka-don is from Horaiken.
KAGURA: This Neapolitan sauce is from Kitchen Bambi.
KAGURA: And this miso soup is from Matoi Suchi. I noticed they've changed the broth.
KAGURA: Call me "Ultimate Tongue."
MATSUDAIRA: Running out of gas?! I bet you're an assassin!
SACHAN: Yeah. He turned into a gorilla before we knew it.
KONDO: B-Boss! Please calm down. It's my life's wish!
MATSUDAIRA: How many "life's wishes" do you have?!
KONDO: It's my first! My first!
KONDO: That's it!
KONDO: Whoa!
KONDO: Roar!! Amazing gorilla power!!
KATSURA: You can't escape from me. Divine retribution!
KONDO: Whoa! A bomb!
KONDO: Run! Hurry!
KONDO: Just throw it!
SACHAN: Here we go! Get down everyone!
GINTOKI: Huh? Oh? You...
GINTOKI: ...Eh? What? My booger? Did my booger do that?!
MATSUDAIRA: It's time.
TENDO SECT A: Yes. Good.
TENDO SECT A: What happened to you?
KONDO: Nothing. Just some trouble making doughnuts.
TENDO SECT C: Samurai are simply irrepressible.
TENDO SECT C: I've heard only thirty of your men crushed Rengokukan.
TENDO SECT A: Yes...you were quite impressive.
TENDO SECT A: It's thanks to you we have such a serene balance between Amanto and Earthlings.
TENDO SECT A: But you'd better not get ahead of yourselves and be too eager for success.
TENDO SECT A: you might be biting the tail of a wolf instead of a dog.
TENDO SECT A: Do you understand what I'm saying?
TENDO SECT A: Piss off the big guys and they'll wipe you out.
MATSUDAIRA: We barely survived...
MATSUDAIRA: That was a really fierce fight. One of the top 5 death matches of my life.
MATSUDAIRA: Please make this the last time. I have a family.
MATSUDAIRA: This will be the last chance for you.
KONDO: Yeah...I understand.
KONDO: We'll be more careful next time.
MATSUDAIRA: As long as you understand.
KONDO: That pony is...!
OTAE: {\i1}Kagura-chan...
KONDO: Otae-san! What a coincidence to see you again!
KAGURA: Something black and shiny is in my room!
GINTOKI: The next episode: "I Told You to Pay Attention to the News!"
SHINPACHI: Huh? Oh...
KAGURA: I called that number and they gave it to me.
GINTOKI: Good god!
KAGURA: Seriously?
GINTOKI: There's still time if you do it right now.
GINTOKI: Who're you calling Johnny?!
SHINPACHI: Right.
KAGURA: Stop right there!
KAGURA: Stupid Gin-chan!
GOVT OFFICIAL A: Hey! What're you doing?!
GOVT OFFICIAL A: What're you doing walking around with a bunch of swords when there's a sword ban?
GOVT OFFICIAL B: That's not good...
PAWNBROKER A: What a filthy wooden sword!
KAGURA: Yes. I want to buy stuff from the Shopping Channel.
GOVT OFFICIAL C: Damn you... Do you realize we're Bakufu officials...?
PAWNBROKER B: Phew! It reeks of curry!
POLICE OFFICER: Surrender!
GANKEIMARU: The sword... Where is the sword...?
PAWNBROKER C: I don't eat Earth foods. I don't like the taste. Especially curry.
MADEMOISELLE S: What? A wooden sword?
KAGURA: Why won't anyone buy this good-for-nothing stick from me?!
KAGURA: I don't even get a real salary!
ONLOOKER A: H-Hey! The bridge!
KAGURA: Am I supposed to spend my youth with just pickled seaweed?!
GANKEIMARU: This isn't it...or this...
ONLOOKERS: A monster!
ONLOOKERS: What is that wooden sword?! The bridge is gone!
GANKEIMARU: Wooden sword?
KAGURA: Can't even go home if I want to.
KAGURA: I took his precious sword without his permission.
KAGURA: Who are you?
GANKEIMARU: Young lady. Where did you get that wooden sword?
GANKEIMARU: The way it cut a bridge in two...
GANKEIMARU: I've found it at last...the enchanted sword...
GANKEIMARU: Star Destroyer!
GINTOKI: Huh? "Sword Collecting"?
SHINPACHI: That's right. There seems to be a lot of attacks around town...
SHINPACHI: He's apparently really strong.
SHINPACHI: Seems many Bakufu retainers and ronin have already fallen to him.
GINTOKI: All of these guys read too much JUMP.
SHINPACHI: That wooden sword is much more powerful than an ordinary metal one.
SHINPACHI: What on earth is that sword?
KAGURA: Who was that guy?
KAGURA: That guy will pay!
GANKEIMARU: You're not getting away!
GANKEIMARU: is the enchanted sword I have been searching for all these years. The Star Destroyer!
GANKEIMARU: You underestimated me.
GANKEIMARU: But we of the Genbu Clan have bodies so tough that even bullets bounce off us.
GANKEIMARU: The strongest sword should be wielded by the strongest warrior.
 KAGURA (NARR: (NARRATION)It's because I stole someone's cherished possession.
 KAGURA (NARR: (NARRATION)And he took away all my cool crap.
 KAGURA (NARR: (NARRATION)Maybe I should hand over this wooden sword and make it easy on myself.
 KAGU: (M)But Kagura... There's still time for you.
 KAGU: (M)Grow up! Kagura!
GANKEIMARU: Dammit! What have you done?
GANKEIMARU: What?!
KAGURA: I'm home!
MICHAEL: Ouch! My god!
MICHAEL: I can't believe I'm being threatened by samurai!
MICHAEL: Hey. What're you doing here?! Nobody said anything about this.
KAGURA: What? A wooden sword... You mean like that one?
GINTOKI: That's right. Don't tell Shinpachi. I want to keep it mysterious.
GINTOKI: What would you like? Pickled seaweed?
GINTOKI: Hey! Why'd you break it? Why?!
KAGURA: Help!
KAGURA: Health! Health me!
GINTOKI: You mean "help me"? What's wrong?
KAGURA: A c-c-c-coackroach! In my room!
GINTOKI: What's the matter with you?
GINTOKI: The strongest being in the universe is afraid of a cockroach?
KAGURA: I can't stand them! They're creepy! Shape! Shape up now!
GINTOKI: Help me. Okay?
GINTOKI: living together with cockroaches.
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
SHINPACHI: Something wrong?
GINTOKI: A co-cockroach! One hell of a cockroach!
KAGURA: Pulp! Pulp fiction!
GINTOKI: You mean "help me."
SHINPACHI: Huh? A cockroach? What is it now?
SHINPACHI: doing club activities with fellow cockroaches.
SHINPACHI: Hump me! Hump me!
GINTOKI: You mean "help me."
KUSANO: a renowned authority on interplanetary zoology.
 KUSAN: (TV)So they are alien cockroaches?
 PRINC: (TV)They are space cockroaches.
OTOSE: Damn. I hope we don't have any...
SHINPACHI: What was that?
KAGURA: Is that really a cockroach?
GINTOKI: I don't know.
SHINPACHI: You don't know?! Isn't this your home?!
SHINPACHI: You created that monster.
KAGURA: Ah!
KAGURA: My pickled seaweed... It's been chewed on.
KAGURA: Seriously?!
SHINPACHI: This is dangerous.
SHINPACHI: Oh no! I left it in the other room.
KAGURA: That's why you're always Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: What?! Are you dissing my entire Shinpachi-tude?!
SHINPACHI: And who cares if I get killed?!
SHINPACHI: I'm just a stupid Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Bring it on!
KUSANO: We have been receiving calls and e-mails from one Alien-Cockroach victim after another.
KUSANO: Disaster? What mysteries do these carnivorous monster roaches hold?
KUSANO: {\a6}Like I said. Giant Roaches.
OTOSE: That was close. I was just about to kill one.
OTOSE: What're those guys doing?
KAGURA: Die!
GINTOKI: Damn bug! What's the big idea of turning into a monster?!
KAGURA: And after all the food we've left out for you!!
GINTOKI: Hey... Where's Shinpachi?
KAGURA: I don't see him.
GINTOKI: Don't be silly.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
KAGURA: Oh? It's crying. What a baby!
KETSUNO: are currently attacking all of Edo.
KETSUNO: What will become of Edo from here on?
KUSANO: Is there a reason why the cockroaches are concentrated in Kabukicho?
KUSANO: So the only way to save ourselves is to exterminate the queen?
KUSANO: Is there any way to tell the queen from the others?
KUSANO: What could that be?
KUSANO: What? What does "Goro" mean?
KUSANO: What did you just say?
CATHERINE: They say it has "Goro" written on its back.
OTOSE: Who cares? We're done for. It's the end of Earth.
GINTOKI: Don't you get any closer! What the hell is going on?!
GINTOKI: Is this "Revenge of the Roaches"?!
KAGURA: {\i1}Three cockroaches. Four cockroaches. Five cockroaches.
KUSANO: Goro on its back. Got it?  "Goro" on its back!
KUSANO: Please. The fate of the Earth is at stake.
KUSANO: The fate of Earth is in your hands!
GINTOKI: What's this? Why's it say "Goro"?
GINTOKI: That's really weird. As if this thing isn't creepy enough already.
GINTOKI: This damn well better be worth some good karma.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! You're alive!
SHINPACHI: You actually thought I could be killed by a cockroach.
GINTOKI: I guess that karma stuff works.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: All right. It pays to do good deeds.
SHINPACHI: These things are everywhere!! The city is going crazy!
SHINPACHI: There is a strange rumor going around.
SHINPACHI: Something about these being man-eating cockroaches that came from space to take over Earth.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi-kun...say that again.
GINTOKI: Sure is stupid...
SHINPACHI: You've seen it? You saw Goro?!
GINTOKI: I had it in my hand and I let it go.
SHINPACHI: Wh-Wh-Where?! We have to find it right away.
GINTOKI: It's no use. It ran off somewhere.
GINTOKI: Forget it. Let's go eat steak.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Excuse me?
KAGURA: May I say something?
GINTOKI: What's going on?
SHINPACHI: What's next week's story about?
GINTOKI KAGURA: The next episode: "Even Teen Idols Act Like You Guys."
GINTOKI: Stop running from reality.
GINTOKI: This is what happens when you fall in love with an idol.
ANNOUNCER: {\a6}Next in the news...
GINTOKI: {\a6}Ketsuno was married last month.
SHINPACHI: We don't need any newspapers.
SHINPACHI: Otsu-chan.
GINTOKI: Break up with the guy, or I'll kill you berry much?
GINTOKI: Is the writer of this witless note one of your fans?
OTSU: Several letters like this have been sent to my agency.
GINTOKI: That father of yours... Is he doing well?
GINTOKI: We'd better do something before your father does something stupid.
OTSU: So you'll help?!
OTSU: I have a feeling it's probably someone in the business...
OTSU: It...happens only at the TV station and on location.
OTSU: No ordinary fan would have access to do those things.
KAGURA: Break up with him.
OTSU: I-I don't want to. I can't imagine doing that.
KAGURA: Bah! Guys are always nice to hot girls!
GINTOKI: He's back.
GINTOKI: The incidents aren't happening at her office.
SHINPACHI: What's with that costume?
SHINPACHI: Huge ears! Oversized nostrils!
SHINPACHI: That was difficult to tell!
SHINPACHI: I'm not Santa Maria!
GINTOKI: Ohh... Is that her boyfriend?
KAGURA: I'm not interested in boy singers. A man's worth is determined by his "flavor."
GOEMON: we'll be able to see each other every day.
OTSU: Goemon-san...
OTSU: Right!
MOTHER: You people again? What is it this time?
SHINPACHI: It seems Otsu-san is being threatened.
MOTHER: Otsu went and did something unnecessary again.
SHINPACHI: What? What do you mean?
MOTHER: A threat letter or two happens all the time with celebrities.
SHINPACHI: But weren't you the one who showed the threat letter to Otsu-chan?
MOTHER: But I guess it was a waste.
MOTHER: Who knows what she'll do about that scandal.
MOTHER: Anyway...
GINTOKI: We'll start by checking out Himuro and Samejima of the Ryujinkai.
KAGURA: Okay.
GINTOKI: Watch out!
SHINPACHI: Who's Himuro?! Who's Samejima?!
SHINPACHI: My investigation has uncovered... Several possible suspects.
SHINPACHI: These are the five main suspects.
SHINPACHI: The biggest suspect?
GINTOKI: That's right.
KAGURA: Who is it?!
SHINPACHI: The mystery shadow.
GINTOKI: That's right... The mystery shadow appears in every detective or mystery manga.
GINTOKI: but want to show what's happening.
GINTOKI: That mystery shadow.
SHINPACHI: Who're you?!
SHINPACHI: Don't go through the trouble! Stupid!
SHINPACHI: Where'd you get him from?
SHINPACHI: You're gonna get sued someday.
OMITTEDOMITTEDOMITTEDOMITTEDOMITTEDNABE: Cut!
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR: All right. Next let's set up scene 12.
KAGURA: But I haven't seen Mu-san for a while.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR: H-Help!
SHINPACHI: H-He's...
SHINPACHI: What's an open-air spa doing at the edge of a cliff?
SHINPACHI: What serial murders?! This isn't a sealed room!
SHINPACHI: Why was Mu-san...?
GINTOKI: We're taking this case. Don't touch anything unnecessary and don't destroy evidence.
SHINPACHI: You're the ones who're unnecessary!
KAGURA: Sea...
KAGURA: ...louse...
GINTOKI: It's his dying message!
SHINPACHI: Stop messing up the investigation!
OTSU: Goemon-san! Right now? I'm at a hot spa for a drama shoot...
GINTOKI: What a dufus.
GINTOKI: You knew you were gonna get hurt if you stuck your nose into this-you saw it coming.
SHINPACHI: I told you I was going to protect Otsu-chan.
GINTOKI: Trying to show off is a waste of time.
SHINPACHI: It's not like that at all....
SHINPACHI: I owe Otsu-chan my life.
SHINPACHI: I was sick of everything and I was about to throw it all away and...
SHINPACHI: That's when I heard her.
SHINPACHI: my eyes teared up.
OTSU: Thank you...
SHINPACHI: Anything at all.
GINTOKI: I get it.
KAGURA: Pinko's here!
GINTOKI: What? Pinko...! I want...
GINTOKI: your autograph!
SHINPACHI: Oh...the broadcast of "Utatte Iitomo" is ending soon.
SHINPACHI: Better use the john now.
PINKO: Dad! Two dads?
HARUE: Which one is the real one?
PINKO: How'd this happen?
HARUE: Sugako! This is all Sugako's fault!
KAZUKI: What good is that going to do?
GINTOKI: I think I know what happened.
 SHIN: (M)You know? Could that be...
GOEMON: I haven't even groped her yet. This is ridiculous.
OTSU: He's the only guy in show biz who's ever been nice to me.
GOEMON: She'll just disappear... anyway...
GOEMON: Wh-Wh-Who are you?!
SHINPACHI: You...call yourself human?
SHINPACHI: You're mother...
SHINPACHI: is a bleeping bleep!
MOTHER: I told you from the beginning not to get in our way.
GINTOKI: Let's make it quick and get it over with.
GINTOKI: The culprit is...
GINTOKI: You!
FUNAGOE: What're you talking about?!
GINTOKI: That's what all criminals say.
GINTOKI: That mole is suspicious.
KAKI: I have an alibi.
GINTOKI: You're the culprit.
TAMO-SAN: That's not possible.
KAGURA: I've seen through everything you've done!
TAMO-SAN: Who're you?
KAGURA: Who am I?
KAGURA: I am the Sensei of criminal tricks.
SHINPACHI: I already know who the culprit is.
GINTOKI: That's...
KAGURA: Goemon.
FUNAGOE: What is this? What's going on?
MOTHER: The second victim.
SHINPACHI: No. This isn't a victim.
SHINPACHI: I heard him talking in the john.
SHINPACHI: Well...
GINTOKI: That was...
SHINPACHI: Otsu-chan!
SHINPACHI: You're!
SHINPACHI: The mystery shadow!
GINTOKI: It really does exist. How about that? It really exists.
OTSU: Help me!
MYSTERY SHADOW: Look! A UFO!
SHINPACHI: Right!
GINTOKI: Stop!
SEINOSUKE NAKAJIMA: This is fine work...
NAKAJIMA: The treasure... The treasure!
DIRECTOR: Commercial! Cut to commercial!
GINTOKI: Give it up already!
MYSTERY SHADOW: He missed me...
GINTOKI: Huh? What do you mean?
MYSTERY SHADOW: Uh...I'm at a loss to explain.
MYSTERY SHADOW: My form doesn't change when light shines on me.
OTSU: I know you! I've seen him before.
MYSTERY SHADOW: I'm not anyone suspicious.
GINTOKI: H-Help me!
GINTOKI: You must be the culprit!
MYSTERY SHADOW: What're you talking about?!
OTSU: Then who sent the death threat letter?
SHINPACHI: Who would benefit from Otsu-chan and that guy breaking up?
SHINPACHI: The letter was sent by whoever wishes the most for Otsu-chan's happiness.
SHINPACHI: you.
MOTHER: Yes...that's right.
MOTHER: I told you: I just wanted to give her a warning.
MOTHER: There isn't a parent around who doesn't think of their child.
MOTHER: We're both rather clumsy.
SHINPACHI: Who are you?!
OTSU: I see. I understand...
OTSU: Forget it. Forget it. I'll be fine-I'm used to it.
SHINPACHI: Hard Gay?!
OTSU: I've...lost everything.
GROUPIES: President!!
SERGEANT: We came to help out.
GROUPIE B: It's not fair that you're hogging all the glory!
GROUPIE A: We're prepared to stand guard all night long.
OTSU: All of you!
SHINPACHI: I'm afraid we're all very tenacious fanboys.
SHINPACHI: But we're not going to stop idolizing you over a little scandal or two!
SHINPACHI: It's Shinpachi.
GINTOKI: This has been Ginzaburo Yakihata.
OTAE: Gin-san has amnesia?!
GINTOKI: The next episode: "You Always Remember the Things that Matter the Least."
GINTOKI: Yeah.
KAGURA: You scared the hell out of us! I won't let you buy JUMP anymore!
GINTOKI: Who are you?
GINTOKI: Do I know you people?
EVERYONE: Amnesia?!
DOCTOR: His injuries aren't that bad.
DOCTOR: It's common for someone to lose their memory of what happened before and after an accident.
DOCTOR: That could be quite a problem.
OTOSE: You'd better not be faking this.
DOCTOR: Let's just see how it goes for a while.
GINTOKI: Odd Jobs Gin... Is this where I live?
KAGURA: An Odd Jobs who did practically nothing at all. We were like paupers.
GINTOKI: Pau...?!
GINTOKI: Paupers at my age?!
OTOSE: And you didn't pay the rent.
CATHERINE: And you also stole Otose-san's money.
OTOSE: That was you!
SHINPACHI: You might remember something if you go inside.
KAGURA: It's Sadaharu. See?
GINTOKI: Humongous! What'd you feed him to make him this big?
GINTOKI: How could I be fond of a ridiculously sized dog like this?
GINTOKI: It's pitch black. I can't see a thing.
GINTOKI: Could my mind be unconsciously trying to seal away my memories?
GINTOKI: My...
GINTOKI: consciousness is fading away...
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan! He's bleeding!
SHINPACHI: Do something quickly!
KAGURA: You'd always peer at her from a low angle during her morning forecast!
SHINPACHI: Well? Do you remember anything?
KAGURA: Pull yourself together!
GINTOKI: Is that so?
OTOSE: Walk him down the streets of Edo.
OTOSE: This is a man with connections throughout Edo.
KATSURA: What? Amnesia?
KATSURA: You'll be able to forget all the bad memories.
SHINPACHI: Hasn't he forgotten enough already?!
GINTOKI: I feel a memory stirring!
SHINPACHI: Liar!!
GINTOKI: I felt something just now! It's coming...!
SHINPACHI: Hey! Don't go changing his memory!
KAGURA: Where is it? Where do I hit to jog your memory? Here? Here?
HIJIKATA: What's going on? Is it a fight? It's been a while. Think we should jump in?
HIJIKATA: Katsura!
HIJIKATA: Did you get him?
OKITA: Is this ours?
KATSURA: Hmph. Stupid samurai should stay home and play with their swords.
HIJIKATA: No!
HIJIKATA: Come back here!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Who are you people?
SAT-CHAN: What? Amnesia?!
SAT-CHAN: What is that? A new kind of play?
SHINPACHI: You've got it all wrong. He actually has amnesia.
SAT-CHAN: You're lying. That means...
SHINPACHI: Yes...
SAT-CHAN: He's completely forgotten all the embarrassing things he did
SAT-CHAN: with me and all those painful experiences that came with it?
SAT-CHAN: How cruel! We were on the brink of being married!
SAT-CHAN: You even wore formal wedding wear!
KAGURA: You only say the facts that are convenient to you.
KAGURA: Those are the tricks of an evil con artist.
GINTOKI: Then are you my...
SAT-CHAN: Why're you doing this to me?
KAGURA: We've been trying to tell you Gin-chan isn't his normal self.
GINTOKI: Who is this person?
SAT-CHAN: I won't let you...
KAGURA: Phew! What is this stench?!
SHINPACHI: There was natto in that smoke bomb!
KAGURA: Gin-chan's gone!
SHINPACHI: Ouch.
SHINPACHI: There!
KAGURA: You're not getting away!
SAT-CHAN: Too easy. You can't get me with that kind of attack.
GINTOKI: I just want to know about my own memory.
SAT-CHAN: Let's rent a small studio apartment.
GINTOKI: Stop deciding things on your own!
GINTOKI: I don't want to take my first steps with you!
SAT-CHAN: Those words squeeze my heart as strong as they did before!
KAGURA: I won't let you have Gin-chan!
SAT-CHAN: You think...
SAT-CHAN: You can stop me with that?
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: I can make it in time! I'll break his fall!
SHINPACHI: Why'd you take a full swing?!\NI don't understand!
KAGURA: Doing it half-heartedly isn't like Gin Tama.
SHINPACHI: That's no reason to "wham" him!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Gin-san!
GINTOKI: What is this place?
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
OTAE: Then I have no choice.
OTAE: What...?
KAGURA: Sis?
OTAE: Forget the past.
SHINPACHI: What?! You changed your mind! Why?!
OTAE: Lock up that worthless old Gin-san and live your life as the new Gin-san.
SHINPACHI: Big Sis! That's like putting a cover on smelly things to hide them!
SHINPACHI: Why are your cheeks so red? You're blushing!
OTAE: This isn't about you.
OTAE: What're you doing here?
KONDO: Here...
KONDO: I bought some Bagen-Dazs for everyone.
SHINPACHI: It's melted and gooey! How long have you been under there?!
KONDO: I won't let you.
KONDO: My eyes and eyebrows are way closer together than yours!
OTAE: I couldn't love a stalker even if he had hair growing out of his eyes!
KONDO: {\a6}All right. So what if I grow hair below my eyes? How about that?
GINTOKI: Wh-What is this? How odd...I feel like as this cup is drawing me towards it.
SHINPACHI: {\a6}How about it? You'd be a monster!
SHINPACHI: Oh! Sugar!
KAGURA: That's right! Sugar might jog his memory!
KAGURA: Eat it!
SHINPACHI: Sis! Gather every dessert in the house!
OTAE: Huh? What?
SHINPACHI: Just get something sweet!
OTAE: But I don't...
KAGURA: Gin-chan come back to us! Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: I...I...I...
GINTOKI: I'm...
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-sa...
OTAE: A tamagoyaki omelet. I made it extra sweet today.
KONDO: This omelet has quite a unique taste...
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI/KONDO: Who...are...you...people?
SHINPACHI: Stop it! It's not like you!
KAGURA: Take your time to remember. We'll wait.
SHINPACHI: Let's go home and take it easy.
SHINPACHI: That's...
SHINPACHI: A spaceship?!
SHINPACHI: Oh no! It's coming straight at us!
GINTOKI: What?
KAGURA: Chi! Use your chi! You always do something with your chi!
SHINPACHI: That's right.
GINTOKI: With this...?
SHINPACHI: Please do it! Gin-san!
GINTOKI: I...
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Me?!
KAGURA: Gin-chan...
GINTOKI: There's no way...
GINTOKI: No human being can accomplish such a thing.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Isn't that in the direction of Odd Jobs?
BYSTANDER A: That was intense.
BYSTANDER B: It's totaled. They'll have to rebuild.
SHINPACHI: Our house...
SAKAMOTO: Sorry about that!
SAKAMOTO: Is there an Odd Jobs Kin-chan around here?
SAKAMOTO: Weren't you listening? You're not paying attention.
SAKAMOTO: People in Edo are so nice. Thanks.
CONSTABLE: You're obnoxious. Keep quiet.
SHINPACHI: Now what are we gonna do?  We've even lost the house.
 GINT: (M)Who am I...?
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
 GINT: (M)Why are these two people...
GINTOKI: You've done enough. Don't worry about me.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san?
GINTOKI: Now that I've lost my memory and my house... All the evidence I ever existed is gone.
GINTOKI: But this might be a good opportunity.
GINTOKI: So let's end this "Odd Jobs" business.
KAGURA: I don't need a salary!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry. The Gin-san you both knew isn't here anymore.
KAGURA: It won't work! You can't function in society! You're an idiot!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Please wait!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-saaan!
GINTOKI: I've decided to relive my life.
GINTOKI: Why do you keep hitting my head?
GINTOKI: Do you think you're a tambourine player?
YAMAZAKI: Are you trying to annoy me? I told you! I'm Yamazaki.
YAMAZAKI: You don't remember? You don't even want to remember!
YAMAZAKI: What happened to everyone else?
GINTOKI: The Odd Jobs...
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan...
SHINPACHI: You came here again? I told you it's dangerous. This place could come tumbling down...
SHINPACHI: The doctor was saying a person's memory is like intertwined branches.
SHINPACHI: But if that tree has withered...Then its branches may just fall off.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san doesn't remember little branches like us...
KAGURA: He hasn't withered.
KAGURA: I won't let him wither.
KAGURA: So I won't break.
KAGURA: I'll stick with the tree until the very end!
SHINPACHI: He'd damn well better come back.
SHINPACHI: If he doesn't hurry our crap's gonna start turning green.
OTOSE: Oh my.
OTOSE: I thought all the noisy ones finally disappeared. So you're still here?
KAGURA: Wait. We'll bring back Gin-chan.
OTOSE: You'll bring him back? Do you even know where he is?
OTOSE: I heard a man with silver hair is working as a live-in at this factory.
OTOSE: Go bring him back quick.
OTOSE: He still owes me rent.
MAMUSHI: Hey! What are you doing?
YAMAZAKI: S-Sorry.
MAMUSHI: Sorry won't cut it. I keep telling you the same thing. It's easy.
MAMUSHI: It's like this! You put this here and assemble it!
YAMAZAKI: I'm asking you what a "Justaway" is!
YAMAZAKI: But it's just a piece of junk! How am I supposed to care about making one!
MAMUSHI: Look. All you have to do is empty your mind and move your hands.
WORKER A: Wow! He's incredibly fast!
WORKER B: As expected of Sakata-san. He rolls out Justaways so fast you can't even see 'em!
WORKERS: All right!
YAMAZAKI: They hire vice-presidents based on assembly line speed? This place is doomed!
GINTOKI: Nobody does well in the beginning. You'll get used to things.
YAMAZAKI: I think you should leave this place as soon as possible.
YAMAZAKI: There are some dark rumors about the plant Boss.
YAMAZAKI: This factory is actually building weapons to supply the rebels.
YAMAZAKI: And now he's preparing a weapon of mass destruction.
GINTOKI: Are you saying that he's an erowrist?! I mean terrorist?
GINTOKI: Stop making up excuses!
YAMAZAKI: I don't think it takes balls.
YAMAZAKI: More like a maniacal scheme running off slave labor.
GINTOKI: I was just a worthless degenerate before I got this job.
YAMAZAKI: Is that so? I'm a little disappointed.
YAMAZAKI: But Chief Kondo and Vice-chief Okita obviously respect you.
YAMAZAKI: Oh no.
YAMAZAKI: I'll be off...
KONDO: What do you think of it?
YAMAZAKI: Have you lost your frikiking mind?!
GINTOKI: Gorilla-san!
YAMAZAKI: Hello? I found the idiot. Yes. I'm taking him back right away.
GINTOKI: Gorilla-san is another amnesia victim!
GINTOKI: His brain's like a cheap game console! Bump it and it freezes!
YAMAZAKI: You're such an idiot!
YAMAZAKI: Shut up. I'm tired. You two are such a pain.
KONDO: Stop! I still have to fix my Justaway!!
KONDO: I want people to be proud of me! I want to be special!!
YAMAZAKI: Then don't worry. You're the world's biggest idiot.
YAMAZAKI: Come on. Quickly!
KONDO: No! No!
WORKER B: An explosion!
MAMUSHI: Who is responsible for this?!
YAMAZAKI: No way!
KONDO: No way! We were making bombs?!
GINTOKI: This is terrible... Did pops really do this?
YAMAZAKI: Of course it's him! These are all top grade ingredients!
YAMAZAKI: What about it can't you believe?
KONDO: It's not the Justaway's fault! That man was bad.
KONDO: The Justaways have done no wrong.
YAMAZAKI: Are you still carrying those? Get rid of them right away!!
MAMUSHI: You bastards! How dare you ruin my plans!
MAMUSHI: I'm going to slaughter you spies!
YAMAZAKI: Ack! Pops is headed this way!
MAMUSHI: You're not getting away from me!!
YAMAZAKI: Hey! I thought you couldn't fight him! But you didn't hesitate there!
KONDO: It's no good. I can't remember. I have amnesia.
YAMAZAKI: What a convenient form of amnesia!
MAMUSHI: Don't move.
MAMUSHI: Too bad.
MAMUSHI: They called me Banzo the Viper.
MAMUSHI: You got me pretty good. I never thought that you were government spies.
MAMUSHI: Just a little longer and I would have taught them all a lesson.
MAMUSHI: I still have the power to turn this rotten world upside down.
HIJIKATA: Hell of a mess that turned out to be.
OKITA: You're pretty messy too.
HIJIKATA: You think that jerk Yamazaki died in that?
HARADA: Vice-chief!
HARADA: We just got word that the Chief is inside with Yamazaki.
HIJIKATA: What?
HIJIKATA: But I can't do that if Kondo-san is with him.
OKITA: Hijikata-san...
OKITA: I forgot my flute at home. I'm going to go and fetch it.
HIJIKATA: Okay. Don't come back.
HIJIKATA: Jeez. How pathetic. That's enough. I'll go by myself. You all wait here.
HARADA: What's that?
HARADA: T-That's the weapon they were secretly building?
TASUKE: It was a hard punch.
TASUKE: It was a punch from a man who shouldered
TASUKE: our family and many important responsibilities on his back.
TASUKE: My pitiful little fist couldn't have hit like that.
TASUKE: It was the punch of a loser who quit his job
TASUKE: and never held anything but a game console controller for two years and three months.
MAMUSHI: I don't care what you do with your life.
MAMUSHI: You've got to live with yourself.
TASUKE: Could I become strong like my father?
TASUKE: I went outside for the first time in two years.
TASUKE: My legs naturally followed my father.
TASUKE: Banzo the Viper. That was my father's other name.
TASUKE: I wanted to see his face. I wanted to learn what it was to know him.
TASUKE: But all I saw...was a beaten man with a cheap sake bottle in his hands.
TASUKE: He'd lost his job to downsizing the month before.
MAMUSHI: No!!
MAMUSHI: You can't imagine how that felt!
MAMUSHI: How it felt to read my son's diary!!
HIJIKATA: That's a great thing to talk about over drinks.
MAMUSHI: Am I supposed to take that and keep smiling?
MAMUSHI: but my family and the government dumped me like I was garbage!
MAMUSHI: So I'm going to change it!!
MAMUSHI: I'm going to destroy this corrupt country and
MAMUSHI: cause a revolution with this Viper Z that took me ten years to make!
MAMUSHI: Shut up! You can't understand how I feel!
HIJIKATA: Ready the cannon.
HIJIKATA: Why are you surprised?! I'm the one who should be surprised!
HARADA: Vice-chief!! Isn't that...
MAMUSHI: I know that... They're your friends.
HIJIKATA: Sogo!
OKITA: to shoot without hesitation.
HIJIKATA: You fired at them because of a perfunctory reason like that?!
YAMAZAKI: They fired! They fired at us!
GINTOKI: Who are those people?! I thought you said they were your friends?!
YAMAZAKI: They're not my friends!
KONDO: Hey. Over here. Is everyone safe? Are you all right?
KONDO: It's as if I've just awakened from a long dream.
KONDO: Yes. It's as if the fog has cleared from my mind.
YAMAZAKI: Chief! Wait!
YAMAZAKI: He's still...
GINTOKI: Clear out before they catch you.
KONDO: Buy me a beer when you get your memory back.
GINTOKI: Gorilla-san...
WORKER B: Hey! What are you doing?
HIJIKATA: Now! Fire!!
WORKER A: Boss!!
MAMUSHI: Fire! Use the... Viper Z!
KONDO: Crap!!
YAMAZAKI: Chief!!
OKITA: This thing is insane.
OKITA: It seems like it has enough power to really be able to wipe out the country.
YAMAZAKI: Chief!
YAMAZAKI: Chief! Chief!
YAMAZAKI: Chief!
MAMUSHI: Go ahead! Just try to stop me!
MAMUSHI: You weak samurai who have adjusted to the times cannot stop me!
MAMUSHI: Everyone's Edo will become a scorched field!
KAGURA: We don't care if you fry or boil Edo.
SHINPACHI: You just better not shoot these people.
MAMUSHI: Wh-Who are you?! This isn't a place for kids!
MAMUSHI: Go home. Do you want to turn into ashes?!
GINTOKI: W-Why?
GINTOKI: Why are you here? Why did you come all the way here?
GINTOKI: Didn't I tell you to forget all about me?
KAGURA: You didn't have to tell us that. We're already living the way we want to.
SHINPACHI: We came here because we wanted to.
SHINPACHI: We came here to be with you.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Why? I don't get it.
OTAE: The Gin-san right now seems a lot more serious than that worthless Gin-san...
 GINTOKI: (mono)They called me a worthless man.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Why am I...
 GINTOKI: (mono)Why are they all...
OKITA: You kids stay out of this. Do you want to die?
SHINPACHI: What's with you guys anyway?
HIJIKATA: I don't care if it's the Chin Cannon
KAGURA: Baldy! Downsized baldy!
MAMUSHI: Since when was I bald?!
KAGURA: Before you wipe us out...
KAGURA: We'll... Wipe you out!
HIJIKATA: Go!
WORKER A: We still need... Time to charge!
MAMUSHI: The Justaway!! Don't let them get any closer!
MAMUSHI: Is it ready yet?!
SHINPACHI: Huh? Oh... Yes.
GINTOKI: Boss.
SHINPACHI: G-Gin-san!!
KAGURA: G-Gin-chan!!
GINTOKI: I'm better at...
GINTOKI: being a free agent.
MAMUSHI: Die... Sakata!!
GINTOKI: Thank you for helping me out.
GINTOKI: Let's go home.
KONDO: Who are you?
GINTOKI: Gin-san is back!
GINTOKI: You idiot! Professionals rip you off and do lousy work anyway.
GINTOKI: Can't help it. We don't have the money to hire a carpenter.
GINTOKI: you should be able to fix something like this easily. Idiot...
SHINPACHI: No...wait...Kagura-chan.
KAGURA: I can't. This kid is rebelling!
GINTOKI: You idiot! Stop that "Bold Shogun"!
KAGURA: I can't! I've never dealt with a rebellious kid before!
GINTOKI: Take this!
GINTOKI: Dammit!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
KAGURA: Case closed.
DELIVERY MAN: Ding dong.
DELIVERY MAN: Ding dong.
 SAKAMOTO (NA: (NARRATION)That's what you said.
 SAKAMOTO (NA: (NARRATION)From Tatsuma Sakamoto.
 SAKAMOTO (NA: (NARRATION)Haven't you always wanted to use "P.S." every time you write a letter? (lol)
GINTOKI: Who's laughing?
GINTOKI: He destroys my house and all I get is a "P.S." apology?
KAGURA: Birds of a feather flock together...
GINTOKI: We don't flock together!
KAGURA: What's in this box?
SHINPACHI: I bet he sent you a spectacular apology gift for what he did.
GINTOKI  KAGURA  SHINPACHI: Money?
GINTOKI: What's this now?
GINTOKI: I tell you...
GINTOKI: That guy is more...
 SHINPACHI : (overlap)We can finally fix up the house now...
GINTOKI: ...of a rascal than me.
UNKEI: Hello.
KAIKEI: Thank you for calling Por-
KAGURA: There were little old men in there. Little old men squished inside.
UNKEI: Hello.
KAIKEII: Thank you for calling Por-
GINTOKI: No way! It's a dream. A weird dream.
SHINPACHI: We're being tormented by hallucinations of tiny bald men.
SHINPACHI  KAGURA: Okay.
UNKEI: Hang on there!!
UNKEI: You buttheads!
GINTOKI: Portable Carpenters? I've never heard of such a thing.
UNKEI: How dare you talk to us like that!
KAIKEI: We came all the way from a distant planet to fix your house!
KAIKEI: Kaikei!! We're the Portable Carpenters!
GINTOKI: Don't you have anyone...taller?
UNKEI: This isn't an escort service.
UNKEI: That terminal... Inside there...
UNKEI: You know that cupboard for ladles in the kitchen?
UNKEI: We made those!
GINTOKI: That's lame. I made a bookshelf out of milk cartons.
KAGURA: And it's environmentally friendly.
UNKEI: So? You think something like that is going to save the Earth?
SHINPACHI: What the heck are you guys talking about?
SHINPACHI: It can't get any worse. Let's have them do it.
GINTOKI: Do you know this saying?
GINTOKI: It's something a carpenter named Mokichi once said...
GINTOKI: He lets his hands do the talking.
GINTOKI: Which kind are you guys?
OTOSE: What's all that racket?
OTOSE: Is it them... Hm?
UNKEI: That punk burns me up!
KAIKEI: We'll show him who the best carpenters in the universe are!
OTOSE: Who the heck are those guys?
SHINPACHI: A-Amazing.
SHINPACHI: They fixed everything in just a day...
UNKEI: Take a look. The interior's perfect too.
KAIKEI: These are the skills of the best carpenters in the universe!
SHINPACHI: Awesome! They really are skilled carpenters.
GINTOKI: Something's not right.
GINTOKI: I don't remember Odd Jobs being this bleak.
UNKEI: It's not our fault you can't afford furniture!
KAIKEI: We haven't touched the original structure.
GINTOKI: It's not that.
GINTOKI: I thought it looked dreary...
GINTOKI: The chandelier is gone!
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Chandelier?
KAIKEI: Wouldn't a chandelier look funny in a traditional Japanese interior?!
GINTOKI: I'm sure we did. You just never looked at the ceiling. You must've forgotten.
SHINPACHI: The third floor?
SHINPACHI: We had that? I never heard about that!
SHINPACHI: Are you serious?
KAGURA: [Note: Tatami mats are units to measure floor space.]
KAGURA: Don't mess with me. The floor was enough for 30 Tatami mats.
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Thirty mats?
UNKEI: That closet was thirty mats?
KAIKEI: That's bigger than the whole room!
UNKEI: I've never heard such an unreasonable compromise!
GINTOKI: [Note: A shower toilet is a toilet that has a retracting shower head offering "rinse" and "bidet" functions.]
KAGURA: Also the bathroom wall was all glass. It had a more erotic feel to it.
UNKEI: Hang on there. We never even touched the living room! That should be the way it was.
GINTOKI: Have you ever heard this story?
GINTOKI: Long ago...
GINTOKI: There were two carpenters who vied to be the most popular carpenters in Edo...
GINTOKI: He pulled in all his connections and stuck Mokichi with all the worst jobs.
GINTOKI: Mokichi's popularity dwindled rapidly and Gohei's day had come...
GINTOKI: he was indisputably the top carpenter in Edo.
GINPACHI: You probably want to know why.
GINTOKI: Mokichi replied...
MOKICHI: You're right.
MOKICHI: I sure am grateful it happened.
KAGURA: Mokichi's the bomb!
SHINPACHI: Mokichi probably didn't realize he was being tricked.
SHINPACHI: He loved carpentry so much that he welcomed the challenge!
GINTOKI: Isn't that what it means to be a craftsman?
UNKEI: Dammit!
UNKEI: That punk burns me up!
KAIKEI: they're playing us!
KAIKEI: Like marionettes on a string!
UNKEI: Was this how Mokichi felt?
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Mokichi!!
OTOSE: Who's Mokichi?
END OF PART AUNKEI: How's that? You son of a bitch!
KAIKEI: You've got no complaints now!
KAGURA: My room hasn't changed at all! What's the meaning of this?
KAIKEI: We'll be going now.
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Outside?
UNKEI: O-Outside? We already did the outside!
GINTOKI: More like this...
UNKEI: That's the Parthenon.
GINTOKI: That's right. Like the "Parthemom."
UNKEI: You showed us that without even knowing what the Parthenon is?!
 KAGURA (ov: (overlap)That's lame!
UNKEI: That's the Castle in the Sky!
UNKEI: [Note: "Castle in the Sky" is a popular anime film by Hayao Miyazaki.]
UNKEI: This is pointless. We're leaving!
GINTOKI: All right.
UNKEI: That's the biggest problem!
KAIKEI: In what world have you ever seen a house that flies when you push a button?
KAGURA: That's right. All you do is just push a button for everything.
KANKEI: I'm getting tired of this.
UNKEI: Dammit!!
UNKEI: That young punk's so annoying!
KAIKEI: We already used up all the money that Sakamoto guy gave us a long time ago!!
UNKEI: But still... What a shock that Mokichi had such a secret in his past!
UNKEI: Kaikei! That must mean we have the same heart as Mokichi.
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Mokichi!!
KAIKEI: Brother...it's already morning... Just a little bit more...
UNKEI: Let's take a break. I'll go get us some coffee.
UNKEI: You can't do good work by pushing yourself too hard.
KAIKEI: But...
UNKEI: I'm sure Mokichi had a coffee or two
UNKEI: as he took pleasure in watching his work being completed.
UNKEI: ...the joy your work gives you.
KAIKEI: Brother! I just got goosebumps when I heard that!
UNKEI: Kaikei! We have but one goal!
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Mokichi!!
OTOSE: So who is this Mokichi?
GINTOKI: Mokichi? He doesn't exist.
KAGURA: Are you serious?
GINTOKI: Those two are so easy to fool.
SHINPACHI: I think it's best if we keep it to ourselves.
GINTOKI: Don't worry about it.
UNKEI: You asshole! It was all a lie?! Shit...
KAIKEI: You're saying Mokichi never existed?
UNKEI: That's right.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
UNKEI: Humph... Like I would ever come back to this planet again!
KAIKEI: But Brother... Was it okay to just leave in the middle of a job?
UNKEI: Who cares? We worked hard for them and they toyed with our emotions.
GINTOKI: Oh yeah?
KAIKEI: You...!
UNKEI: You got some nerve showing your face in front of us.
UNKEI: What?
GINTOKI: Whether or not Mokichi existed is not the point.
UNKEI: What?!
KAIKEI: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: The real Mokichi...
GINTOKI: ...lives inside the souls of craftsmen like you guys...
GINTOKI: Your faces already look like the face of Mokichi...
UNKEI: Y...You...
GINTOKI: Have you ever heard this story?
UNKEI: I get it! I get it now!!
KAIKEI: Who can say no after hearing that?!
UNKEI: Kaikei! I don't understand! Did Mokichi really exist or not?
UNKEI: Let's give it our all!
KAIKEI: Brother! Let's show them that we are the best carpenters in the universe!
UNKEI: No! The second best! For the best must be...
UNKEI  KAIKEI: Mokichi!!
WATANABE: Good morning. I'm Atsunosuke Watanabe.
WATANABE: we will be visiting the home of Gintoki Sakata who runs Odd Jobs.
WATANABE: The exterior is reminiscent of the Greek Parthenon
WATANABE: and it is combined with a gorgeous palace section. I will now guide you through the Sakata residence.
WATANABE: Is this it? Just push the button...
WATANABE: I can feel a vibration...as profound as the exterior of the house.
WATANABE: What a wonderful house. It flies!
GINTOKI: Somebody...go get Mokichi...
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWSHINPACHI: Uh...what is wrong with me?
SHINPACHI: The next episode: "Love Doesn't Require a Manual."
MATSUDAIRA: Hey...
SHINPACHI: Who cares about cat ears?
SHINPACHI: There's a girl with cat ears...
SHINPACHI: living downstairs from us. Her room smells like a litter box!
SHINPACHI: I don't give a crap about cat ears!! Who cares about fetishes?! All cat ears should be burned!!
EROMESU: Umm...
SHINPACHI: What is it?! I'm busy right now!!
EROMESU: You sure are brave. That was very chivalrous of you.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Cat ears should...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Cat ears should...
SHINPACHI: Cat ears should be adored!!
OPENING CREDITSCAPTION: [Shinpachi saved a lovely cat-eared girl on the train!!]
OMITTEDOTAE: Shin-chan.
OTAE: What is that? Is that your silent way of telling me you won't eat my cooking?
SHINPACHI: No... It's not like that. Sorry... I was spaced out.
OTAE: I heard from Gin-san that your witty comments are loosing their edge.
SHINPACHI: Sorry...
OTAE: Honestly... Don't apologize. You were supposed to make a comment there.
SHINPACHI: Sorry... I'll say it now.
OTAE: Who are you calling a "dude"?!
 SHINPAC: (mono)What's wrong with me?
 SHINPAC: (mono)My heart aches. It's painful...
 SHINPAC: (mono)I have only Otsu-chan. I won't ever cheat on her.
EROMESU: Umm... I'd like to repay your kindness. Can I have your address?
 SHINPAC: (mono)How is she going to repay me? Does she want to marry me?
 SHINPAC: (mono)I am Captain Shinpachi Shimura of the Tsu Terakado Fan Club!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I cannot be unfaithful!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I must stop having silly daydreams.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Nothing so sweet as this has ever come up during the sixteen years I've been alive.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Keep both feet on the ground. Dream appropriate dreams.
 SHINPAC: (mono)A guy as unexciting as me doesn't...
SHINPACHI: Good morning!
KAGURA: Meow!!
KAGURA: But you're eating the cake that was in the box.
GINTOKI: Food is fine. The evidence is destroyed once it's in your stomach.
KAGURA: Hey! That's not fair. I still haven't had a bite yet.
KAGURA: Wow. This is good.
GINTOKI: Aww... That's not good.
GINTOKI: You've ruined my plan to eat it in a way that would make it seem as if it was always like this.
KAGURA: Okay.
GINTOKI: Make it round. Make it a small round cake.
KAGURA: Okay.
KAGURA: Okay.
GINTOKI: Do you know why pochi tastes so good? It's because it's short-lived.
KAGURA: Oh? So that's why Yakulko tastes so good.
GINTOKI: It's the same as life.
SHINPACHI: I'll put you away!!
SHINPACHI: There are things people should and shouldn't do!!
GINTOKI: Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow... Shinpachi.
KAGURA: That's underhanded. You're terrible!
SHINPACHI: You're the ones who are underhanded and terrible!!
KAGURA: Yeah. We didn't read the letter or anything.
SHINPACHI: Letter?!
GINTOKI: Umm... Here.
GINTOKI: We didn't look inside.
KAGURA: Yeah. We don't know anything about your date.
SHINPACHI: Date?!
EROMESU: I've sent you something that I believe will suit you.
EROMESU: Contact me when you feel like it.
EROMESU: I'll be waiting for your call. Eromesu.
 SHINPAC: (mono)No way! It's that girl!! No way! She wants to meet me? On a date?
 SHINPAC: (mono)W-W-W-W-What should I do?! I've never been on a date before.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Wait! Should I go on the assumption that this is a date?
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm the captain of the Tsu Terakado Fan Club...
 SHINPAC: (mono)There's a strong possibility that...
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'll be shot down before I experience cat ears.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I need a manual!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)From someone who has a lot of experience!
 SHINPAC: (mono)and Kagura-chan is just a girl who eats a lot.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Aside from them... Huh?
 SHINPAC: (mono)There isn't anyone?!
CMCAPTION: [Train Samurai]
CMCAPTION: [Note: This is a parody of Train Man (Densha Otoko)]
 SHINPAC: (mono)I saved a girl from a drunken molester on the train
 SHINPAC: (mono)and I'm meeting her because she says she wants to thank me.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Is this a date?
 SHINPAC: (mono)I can ask for opinions from all sorts of people here...
 SHINPAC: (mono)[Samurai Chat Room]
 SHINPAC: (mono)Because it's too embarrassing.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Oh! There's a message already.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Amazing. People are actually reading my message.
SHINPACHI: Online name: Fruit Punch Samurai?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Whoa! He's really angry.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm not really good with this stuff.
 SHINPAC: (mono)But I'm really worried about this.
KATSURA: I'm not Fruit Punch Samurai!! I'm Katsura!
 SHINPAC: (mono)Then what's the point in using a screen name?! And it's someone I know!!
SHINPACHI: What the hell is he doing on this message board?
SHINPACHI: What is a fruit punch samurai anyway?!
 SHINPAC: (mono)What a jerk. I'd like to fruit punch him right through the screen.
 SHINPAC: (mono)A woman. She might listen to me.
 HASEGAWA: (woman)What a cute boy.
HASEGAWA: This guy's an idiot. He thinks I'm a woman.
CUSTOMER: Hey! Just work the register.
HASEGAWA: Would you like to meet me offline?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Woah! What's with her? She's kind of creepy.
KONDO: Where do you want to meet?
SHINPACHI: Fruit Punch Samurai guy went for it!!
SHINPACHI: Wasn't this a place for samurai to discuss their beliefs?!
KONDO: Just kill yourself. Just kill yourself. Just kill yourself...
 SHINPAC: (mono)What are they doing?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Huh?! Looking closely...
 SHINPAC: (mono)It's not Fruit Punch Samurai.
YAMAZAKI: Matsudaira has been arrested for sexual harassment on the train.
KONDO: I'm busy right now! Tell me later!
 KATSURA: (mono)Who are you?!
 KONDO  : (mono)Commit seppuku!
 SHINPAC: (mono)Hey! Gee how old are these dopes?
 KATSURA: (mono)You commit seppuku!
 SHINPAC: (mono)No one's going to listen to my petty woes.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm really beginning to hate myself.
 SHINPAC: (mono)A person like me has no right to fall in love.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Why are you so scared?
SHINPACHI: Could it be...?
 GINTOKI: (mono)Are you afraid your date is going to fail? Are you afraid of being rejected?
 GINTOKI: (mono)Are you that afraid of getting hurt?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Gin-san... Why? How do you know about this?
 GINTOKI: (mono)There are two things people are afraid of: death and embarrassment.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Only fools try to overcome death.
 GINTOKI: (mono)But it takes real guts to conquer embarrassment.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Train Samurai. Tackle it head-on...
 GINTOKI: (mono)Train Samurai. Make a fool of yourself.
 GINTOKI: (mono)It will make you stronger. Go...
 GINTOKI: (mono)Train Samurai!
 SATCHAN: (mono)She's an assassin. She wears glasses and is really good looking.
 SATCHAN: (mono)She's incredibly cute. Seriously. She's begging by my side right now. Heart.
 SATCHAN: (mono)One of my friends went missing on the fourth day after reading this.
KONDO: Are you serious?!
 KATSURA: (mono)Good idea. We need to discuss the details.
 KATSURA: (mono)Why don't we meet in person. Tomorrow at 1:00 PM.
 KATSURA: (mono)I'll be waiting in front of the Ieyasu statue.
 KATSURA: (mono)All right.
KONDO: No!!
GINTOKI: He sure is giving off a weird vibe.
OTAE: I see. So this is why he was acting strange.
GINTOKI: So that's that. Feel better now? Let's go and let them have their date.
OTAE: No. That girl may one day bear the Shimura family's future heir. I want to see her with my eyes.
GINTOKI: You're getting hasty. You're acting like a sister-in-law.
OTAE: What would you do if that girl's name was Ken?
OTAE: [Note: Ken Shimura is a Japanese comedian.]
OTAE: It would be the birth of a great comedian.
GINTOKI: No woman is named Ken!
KAGURA: Oh! Here she comes!
EROMESU: Shimura-san!
EROMESU: Sorry.
EROMESU: It seems I made you wait...
OTAE: Hey... What is that?
OTAE: They're cat ears!! I never heard anything about that!
OTAE: No way! I hate cats! I'm a dog person!
GINTOKI: Dogs and cats are pretty similar. Those might actually be dog ears.
OTAE: [Note: The Japanese character for dog can be read as "ken."]
OTAE: It would be the birth of Ken Shimura!!
GINTOKI: Who knows? Maybe she'll drop a whole litter of Shimura pups!
OTAE: [burakon= brother complex]
OTAE: Who are you calling a burakon?!
OTAE: I'm not an easy woman who can be controlled by a remote!
GINTOKI: [rajikon= "radio control"]
GINTOKI: That's a rajikon!!
WAITRESS: Here's your lemon tea. Enjoy.
GINTOKI: Following them to a place like this...
GINTOKI: Isn't it kind of boorish to stick our necks into someone else's love life?
KAGURA: {\a6}I am being quiet! Scandals are achieved through legwork!!
OTAE: Be quiet!! The future of the Shimura family is at stake.
GINTOKI: Shut up. Don't talk at the same time!!
EROMESU: Who are those people?
EROMESU: Shinpachi-san?
EROMESU: Sh-Shinpachi-san!!
EROMESU: Are you all right? What's wrong? Did you get burned?
SHINPACHI: N-No. I'm all right.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Your fervent gaze has scorched my heart.
EROMESU: What's wrong?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Why are such cute things on such a cute girl? They're like a secret weapon.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Cat ears are amazing! Praise cat ears!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm an idiot!! I didn't understand anything.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm a coward. I really have no right to be doing this.
EROMESU: Thank you very much for the other day.
EROMESU: I never thought you would come. I'm really happy.
SHINPACHI: That's your eye.
EROMESU: Huh? Oh no! What am I doing?!
EROMESU: Sorry. What's gotten into me?
EROMESU: That's odd.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Stop! Please stop making such cute gestures!!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
EROMESU: You're wearing the cat ears I gave you. I'm glad. I took the time to pick them out.
EROMESU: It was always my dream to walk with someone I admired wearing matching clothes.
GINTOKI: What are you doing? Hey... Cut it out.
GINTOKI: Umm... Are you lis...
OTAE: What is this? What is this feeling?!
OTAE: That girl is making me really annoyed!
OTAE: What should I do?! What should I do?!
KAGURA: There's something black in my heart! Get rid of it! Purge the darkness!
SHINPACHI: Oh. There's no need to make a big fuss about walking. Why don't we do that right now?
EROMESU: Huh? Really?! Is that all right?
EROMESU: Thank goodness I gathered up all my courage.
OTAE: Shall I make you blind forever?!
GINTOKI: Why me?! Do this to her!!
EROMESU: Umm... Can I hold your hand?
SHINPACHI: Oh... Well...
 SHINPAC: (mono)We're holding hands and my heart is racing.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Huh? We ended up wandering down an awkward street.
SHINPACHI: Why don't we go down a main road?
EROMESU: My house is nearby. Care to go there to rest?
SHINPACHI: Huh?
 SHINPAC: (mono)Really?! No way! Huh? What? This already?!
 SHINPAC: (mono)We've just met... Huh? It that what's going on?
EROMESU: What should I do? I said it... Oh dear...
 SHINPAC: (mono)but this is as wild as the feudal era!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I can't! I can't do it!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'd be glad if I can do it with a cute girl like her...
 SHINPAC: (mono)But I'm still a boy and this time slot is anime time for children.
 SHINPAC: (mono)We were already demoted from golden hour.
 SHINPAC: (mono)What?
EROMESU: What's wrong? Is there something wrong with my house?
SHINPACHI: N-No! Nothing at all!
EROMESU: Well then...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Oh no! This is bad! Not good!
EROMESU: Umm... You can go in... I'll be waiting in bed...
EROMESU: Forever.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I don't care about getting cancelled!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I won't back down after coming this far!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)Who cares if this is anime time for children!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)The staff will cheat by showing what happens like it's a science lesson...
 SHINPAC: (mono)It'll be all right! It'll definitely be all right!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I...
SHINPACHI: Oh no! We've run out of time this week!
SHINPACHI: We're going to continue next week! Huh? The next episode?
SHINPACHI: Just cut that out! It's disgraceful for a man to turn down a woman's favor!!
HIJIKATA: Why did you shoot him?
OKITA: I couldn't bear to see Pops like that anymore.
OKITA: Hijikata-san...
OKITA: Why...are people always so...
HIJIKATA: Huh?
OKITA: Why did you shoot him?
HIJIKATA: Why did you edit it to make it look as if I did?!
HIJIKATA: Why are you sweating?! That's really pissing me off!!
OKITA: I don't know what to do anymore! I just don't know!
OKITA: He's going to kill me!
MATSUDAIRA: I can't find my pocketbook anywhere.
MATSUDAIRA: my police pocketbook and my wallet completely disappeared. What do you think?
 KAGURA : (mono)And so.
GINTOKI: Hey!! What do you mean it doesn't matter?
GINTOKI: You're the one who told me to do it properly! I did my best!!
GINTOKI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: Huh? Eromesu-chan?
SHINPACHI: Where did she go?
SHINPACHI: What is this card?
OKITA: What is this card?!
MATSUDAIRA: She was a good listener and she even listened to me about my daughter.
MATSUDAIRA: We got along really well.
EROMESU: Stop!
MATSUDAIRA: When I realized what had happened...
MATSUDAIRA: I'd become a molester. My police pocketbook and wallet
EROMESU: I've taken your heart and your wallet.
MATSUDAIRA: She didn't steal my heart.
MATSUDAIRA: My heart had already been stolen by my wife thirty years ago.
GINTOKI: Wait...
GINTOKI: You bastard!!
GINTOKI: Wait...
GINTOKI: I say!!
EROMESU: Who are you? Are you that boy's family?!
EROMESU: Did you follow us because you were worried about him?
EROMESU: You don't need to worry. I haven't done anything.
EROMESU: Your little brother's chastity is safe.
EROMESU: All I want is love.
EROMESU: Love is the most beautiful thing in the world.
EROMESU: But you cannot see love... Therefore...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi's wallet? What nonsense are you talking about?
GINTOKI: You're just saying you're a thief.
EROMESU: Your younger brother was great.
EROMESU: I'm surprised that such a pure boy exists in these times.
EROMESU: He completely fell for it.
EROMESU: He even wore those cat ears I gave to him just for fun. It was hilarious.
EROMESU: It made my heart beat like I was in love for the first time again.
EROMESU: This is why I can't stop doing this.
GINTOKI: Hey. Have you stopped using your cute-girl act? I sorta liked it.
EROMESU: They can only judge things by what they see on the outside.
EROMESU: Oh! I revealed my true feelings. How silly of me.
OTAE: Are you taking a crap or something?!
OTAE: Women who can say "tee-hee" with a straight face are thoroughly unscrupulous.
KAGURA: Tee-hee!
KAGURA: Shinpachi!!
SHINPACHI: They say that the losers in love are the ones who fall in love.
SHINPACHI: I really had a fun time. It felt as if I had a girlfriend...
SHINPACHI: So...let me say one thing.
KAGURA: You were so cool!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I've become stronger since then.
 SHINPAC: (mono)My heart is no longer swayed by little things. I can stay strong-willed.
 SHINPAC: (mono)From deep within their hearts.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Shut up! Be quiet! You're bothering the other passengers!
SERGEANT: But President! Take a look at this! Otsu-chan's new single!!
SERGEANT: She's gone for the cat-eared look on the jacket!!
SHINPACHI: Tha...
SHINPACHI: That's so cute!!
The next episode: Right after these messages!!
OPENING CREDITSCAPTION: [The previous story went overtime... So this episode is airing 13 minutes late.]
MATSUDAIRA: I called you all here for one reason.
MATSUDAIRA: He's finally decided to make a move.
MATSUDAIRA: There's no mistake.
MATSUDAIRA: I don't want to be a step behind anymore.
MATSUDAIRA: This is a battle to the death. I'm going to crush him and his plans.
MATSUDAIRA: I'm counting on you.
KONDO: Toshi... Sogo... There's just one thing I want to check with you two.
HIJIKATA: What is it?
KONDO: Who is "he"?
HIJIKATA: You don't know?!
MATSUDAIRA: Kuriko waited over an hour for you.
MATSUDAIRA: That's one hour of my daughter's time. I took great care to raise her...
MATSUDAIRA: You're going to pay for that with your remaining life.
HIJIKATA: Hold on!! You mean this is the guy we're after?! Your daughter's boyfriend?
MATSUDAIRA: He's not her boyfriend! I'll never acknowledge a frivolous man like him!
HIJIKATA: Shut up! I don't acknowledge you as police chief!
HIJIKATA: You shut up!!
HIJIKATA: This is ridiculous! I took off work to come here.
HIJIKATA: And you're asking us to interrupt your daughter's date?
MATSUDAIRA: I just want you to kill that guy.
HIJIKATA: That's even worse!
MATSUDAIRA: Do you think a jewelry-wearing joker like that is going to make Kuriko happy?
HIJIKATA: That's thinking too much!!
KONDO: Who are you calling Kondo?
HIJIKATA: What are you doing?
MATSUDAIRA: Kondo...
KONDO: I've known Kuriko since she was a little girl... She's like a sister to me.
KONDO: I can't give her away to a loser like that!
MATSUDAIRA: Okay!
HIJIKATA: H-Hey!!
HIJIKATA: This is bad. I'd be willing to bet that they'll really do it.
OKITA: Who're you calling Sogo?
OKITA: I'm the assassin Sogo 13.
HIJIKATA: Hey!!
OKITA: This looks like fun.
SHICHIBEE: And so I told him...
MATSUDAIRA: Clever bastard... He picked his spot well!
KONDO: I can't take aim... I'm feeling kind of sick...
MATSUDAIRA: We aren't getting any closer.
HIJIKATA: There are lots of better ways to do that.
HIJIKATA: I just came to make sure you don't do anything crazy!!
KONDO: He looks like a bad man no matter how you look at him.
HIJIKATA: I don't think body-piercing is a capital offense.
OKITA: Girls that age always go for the slightly badly behaved kabuki-mono...
OKITA: They mature after they get burned a bit.
HIJIKATA: Your daughter has false illusions about that man.
KURIKO: Are you afraid?
SHICHIBEE: I'm not. Go ride it by yourself.
KURIKO: Wow...
OKITA: [Note: Holstein is a type of cow.]
KURIKO: Shichibee-sama?
SHICHIBEE: Well... Umm... I guess I will ride with you.
HIJIKATA: Absolutely.
HIJIKATA: Sogo is a super sadist who pressures and teases people as a hobby.
OKITA: Crap...
OKITA: Crap your pants.
KURIKO: Shichibee-sama?
KURIKO: What's wrong? You don't look well.
OKITA: I'll kill you if you get off!!
SHICHIBEE: Shut up!! I told you I'm going to ride it!!
KURIKO: Shichibee-sa...
MATSUDAIRA: Whoa! This is tougher than I'd expected...
HIJIKATA: How's it looking up there?
HIJIKATA: What?!
HIJIKATA: What are you doing?!
OKITA: I forgot to fasten my seat belt. I forgot to fasten my seat belt.
MATSUDAIRA: He's getting all panicky.
HIJIKATA: You idiot!
KURIKO: Ah... I was so scared...
KURIKO: Shichibee-sama... How come you're sitting so high in your seat?
KURIKO: Thank goodness!!
KURIKO: I feel a lot less embarrassed knowing I'm like totally not the only one.
SHICHIBEE: Really? Amazing!! We're a pair! It's a miracle!
SHICHIBEE: What? Are we connected by our intestines?
KURIKO: Honestly...
MATSUDAIRA: Hey!! What's the meaning of this? They've gotten even closer!!
HIJIKATA: What the hell is wrong with your daughter?
HIJIKATA: What girl craps her pants? How are you raising her?
HIJIKATA: Oh no. They're going to the next attraction!
MATSUDAIRA: What?! While in that state?!
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san.
 HIJIKAT: (mono)Huh? Why's he sitting so high in his seat?
MATSUDAIRA: I can't believe this. How could she still want to be with him after that?!
MATSUDAIRA: My daughter is terrifying...
HIJIKATA: She really is terrifying.
MATSUDAIRA: I'll kill you if you tell anyone about this.
MATSUDAIRA: She's not walking around with it in her ass?
HIJIKATA: Of course not! Don't you find your daughter adorable?
HIJIKATA: Your daughter lied so he wouldn't feel bad.
MATSUDAIRA: What?
KONDO: Kuriko-chan isn't disgusted at all by him taking a crap...
HIJIKATA: Yeah...
OKITA: Oh no. They're headed to the Ferris wheel.
OKITA: There's no mistake. They're planning on kissing.
MATSUDAIRA: How do you know?!
KONDO: K-Kiss?!
KONDO: Really? My god... I never realized!
KONDO: Let's go!!
OKITA: Okay!
HIJIKATA: Not really.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Ochazuke is rice with tea poured on it.]
HIJIKATA: It's the Ochazuke Hijikata Special. Want some?
HIJIKATA: I thought love was an illusion...
SHICHIBEE: Most people would be disgusted if their boyfriend crapped his pants.
SHICHIBEE: I thought it was all over.
SHICHIBEE: Well... That's because I...lo...
KURIKO: L?
SHICHIBEE: Lo...
KURIKO: Lo...?
SHICHIBEE: Wh-What's that?!
KONDO: Assassin Samurai 13.
OKITA: We're taking your life!
SHICHIBEE: Huh?! That's so ridiculous...
SHICHIBEE: What's that?!
KONDO: Toshi?!
HIJIKATA: Toshi? Who's that?
HIJIKATA: All who stand in the way of love...will perish!
SHICHIBEE: Mayo 13?!
KURIKO: He's so cool...
HIJIKATA: Never let anyone come between you two.
HIJIKATA: Farewell...
 HIJIKAT: (mono)I hate love...
GINTOKI: The next episode: "People with Dark Pasts Can't Shut Up."
TOMU: Dream...Catcher!!
KAGURA: It tastes like the bottom of your foot.
SHINPACHI: They're your feet. What are you going to do?
GINTOKI: I could try taking more showers.
SHINPACHI: I'm not talking about your feet. I'm talking about the Nabe! Nabe!!
OTAE: I'm home.
SHINPACHI: Oh no.
GINTOKI: Do we have any ingredients left that can save this thing?!
KAGURA: It's Bagen-Dash ice cream.
SHINPACHI: Let's clean up.
SHINPACHI: It's better if we get rid of this!! Destroy all the evidence!
KAGURA: Stop that. Don't give up. The match is over if we give up!!
GINTOKI: The match has been cancelled due to excessive nabe.
GINTOKI: This is bad. She's already noticed the Bagen-Dash missing.
GINTOKI: Hot hot hot hot...
SHINPACHI: Forget it! It's already melted.
GINTOKI: Hot!!
EMPLOYEE: Welcome.
SHINPACHI: One hundred cartons of Bagen-Dash please.
OTAE: Sorry.
OTAE: I was thinking of cheering you up with some Bagen-Dash...
KAGURA: I tried to stop them. They're really hopeless.
OTAE: Oh. You don't like nabe?
OTAE: [NOTE: Okonomiyaki is a Japanese dish which consists of a variety of toppings that are placed onto or mixed into a batter which is fried. Toppings vary from region to region. Osaka is known for its okonomiyaki.]
KAGURA: Okasa? Are you a migrant worker? Me too. We're alike.
OTAE: Hanako-chan...
HANAKO: I never thought that people like you lived here.
OTAE: Hanako-chan...
KAGURA: [NOTE: Kagura calls her "Okasa" instead of "Osaka". It is a slang term.]
KAGURA: Have a drink!! Drinking makes everything better!
HANAKO: Otae-chan...
HANAKO: Really? Will you really help me?
OTAE: Yes. If you'd like.
OTAE: I won't lend you any money.
HANAKO: O-Of course not...
HANAKO: Will you listen to my story?
KAGURA: Dream catcher?
HANAKO: Yes. I fell for something pretty terribly...
HANAKO: but I was swindled out of all the money I'd saved up.
OTAE: Why?
HANAKO: I was tricked! They took advantage of my weakness.
WORKER A: Oh? You want to become a dancer.
WORKER A: So that's why you're saving up your earnings at a snack house.
WORKER A: That's very admirable. I never knew there were young people with such ideals!
WORKER B: But you can't achieve your dream just by hoping for it.
WORKER A: Hope is the power to pursue your dreams.
WORKER A: But you need another power in order to achieve them.
HANAKO: Dream catcher?
WORKER B: That's right.
WORKER B: Most people would say that you either have the power to catch dreams or you don't.
WORKER A: The Dream Faith shows us how to overcome our innate handicaps in order to make everyone and ourselves happy.
WORKER B: and the baseball player Chinjo were all born with this.
WORKER B: We've succeeded in producing it artificially.
WORKER A: And here it is!
OTAE: What is that?
HANAKO: They said that people who achieved their dreams had a mole sprouting hair somewhere on their body.
OTAE: Are you stupid?! Are you going to let that tiny bean dictate your life?!
OTAE: Were you planning on dancing with that dirty-looking mole?! A mole with a hair on it?!
KAGURA: Okasa!! This is no time to hide your head in the stew!
OTAE: What else happened to you?
HANAKO: I then converted to the Dream Faith.
HANAKO: Edo is so overwhelming!! I can't live in this concrete jungle.
OTAE: You wouldn't even be able to live in a jungle filled with sloths.
HANAKO: Osaka was a warm-hearted town.
OTAE: You can dance anywhere.
OTAE: Edo has its own brand of warmheartedness.
TOMU: Fellow believers! Do you have dreams?!
BELIEVERS: We dream like crazy!!
TOMU: Are you running after your dreams?
BELIEVERS: We run like crazy!!
TOMU: Let me introduce them to you all.
GINTOKI: We dream like crazy!!
OTAE: To rebuild my father's dojo.
HANAKO: To get my money back from a phony relig-
KAGURA: My dream is to eat a bowl of rice covered with a whole jar of seaweed tsukudani.
KAGURA: [NOTE: Tsukudani is seafood or meat that has been boiled in soy sauce]
SHINPACHI: Hey. Ask me!!
TOMU: What's your dream?
GINTOKI: Dreams? I threw that kiddie crap away a long time ago.
TOMU: Then why did you come here?
SHINPACHI: How about silky hair or something?
TOMU: Get out of here!!
TOMU: Those are the lamest dreams I've ever heard of! What are you after?
TOMU: Are you really believers?
GINTOKI: Maybe I still need to be convinced. I hear you've got the power to grant dreams.
GINTOKI: I wanted to see it with my eyes.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!! Aren't you forgetting why we're here?
BELIEVER B: Who are you?
BELIEVER A: We won't let you make fun of Tomu-sama!!
BELIEVERS: Get out! Get out!
TOMU: How amusing... You want to see my power?
TOMU: This is a utopia where dreams come true.
TOMU: Dream Catcher!!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
SHINPACHI: I-Impossible. Gin-san's naturally wavy hair has...
OTAE: Become silky!!
GINTOKI: Wow!
GINTOKI: Yahoo!! Now it won't get tangled on rainy days!!
TOMU: Now do you see? This is the Dream Catcher!!
TOMU: Those who believe in the Dream Faith can gain this power.
TOMU: The power to grant everyone's dreams.
OTAE: What's the meaning of this?
SHINPACHI: There must be some sort of trick to it.
SHINPACHI: Hey!
KAGURA: You...
KAGURA: Give us back the old Gin-chan.
GINTOKI: What are you talking about? This is my true self.
GINTOKI: An evil priest put a curse on me that made my hair ugly and naturally wavy.
KAGURA: Don't say that! Have confidence in yourself.
KAGURA: What are you without your naturally wavy hair?!
TOMU: Dream Catcher!!
SHINPACHI: Whoa!! It really appeared!!
SHINPACHI: He got her too! And so easily!!
TOMU: Let's achieve our dreams and be happy!!
BELIEVERS: Praise the Dream Faith!!
BELIEVERS: Praise the Dream Faith!!
BELIEVERS: Praise the Dream Faith!!
GINTOKI: Dureammmm...
GINTOKI: Catcha!!
SENPAI: Not like that!!
SENPAI: You focus too much on the pronunciation. You're not putting any feeling into it.
KAGURA: Feeling? All right. I think I can do it now.
KAGURA: These are my feelings towards you. Please accept them.
SENPAI: Keep them to yourself!
SHINPACHI: They've forgotten why we're here and have completely fallen into their trap.
OTAE: Leave those idiots.
SHINPACHI: They were shown that... I wonder how he did it.
OTAE: you'll end up like those idiots.
SHINPACHI: You're right.
SHINPACHI: We've got to get Hanako-san's money back from that phony religious leader and put Hanako-san at ease.
OTAE: No.
OTAE: We're here so we can extort money from that phony religious leader and rebuild our father's dojo.
SHINPACHI: What? I I don't remember agreeing to that objective!!
SHINPACHI: When did that become the plan?!
SHINPACHI: Are you planning on taking money that was tricked out of the hands
SHINPACHI: of good people for your own selfish purposes?
OTAE: There's nothing wrong with receiving a little reward money.
OTAE: We're going to save the rest of the money.
SHINPACHI: You're taking all of it!!
SHINPACHI: You planned on doing that from the start.
OTAE: Don't make me sound like a crook. I plan on getting back Hanako-chan's money.
HANAKO: Dream Catcher!
OTAE: Honestly...
OTAE: How any times do you have to be duped for you to learn?
OTAE: We shouldn't stay here long. Let's go after the safe in Timroth's room.
SHINPACHI: Who's Timroth? That doesn't even resemble his name anymore!
HANAKO: Cracking his safe? That's like stealing. I won't do it!
HANAKO: Oh well. I'll do it for my dream!
TOMU: They can't even figure out such a simple trick...
TOMU: Dreams make people blind.
TOMU: This is all thanks to your power.
TOMU: Why don't you come down from time to time and have a drink with me?
OTAE: Owowow...
TOMU: What are you doing?
GINTOKI: Owowowow.
GINTOKI: Oh no. I'm going to go bald!! Bald!
KAGURA: Gin-chan.
KAGURA: You really look better like that.
KAGURA: So it really was a trick. I thought you had completely fallen for it.
GINTOKI: You thought I would believe that?
KAGURA: Tsukudani would never convince me.
GINTOKI: Oh?
KAGURA: Tomu's done the same demonstration as he did with us in front of his followers many times.
KAGURA: But it's only been pathetic dreams like curing baldness or getting a knock-off Louis Vuitton handbag.
KAGURA: He's been granting dreams that are easily attainable.
GINTOKI: He can prepare for anything by asking his believers what their dreams are ahead of time...
GINTOKI: Someone so fast they can't be seen... It can't be.
KAGURA: A ninja.
KAGURA: I saw it on TV.
GINTOKI: That's so clich...
NINJA: Owowowow. Ow. This is bad. Blood came out again.
NINJA: I clenched too hard. Owowow...
GINTOKI: You need to take a dump? Is it gonna be a photo-finish?
SHINPACHI: Bad news. It's my sister and Hanako-chan!!
TOMU: They snuck into my room and tried to steal your offerings.
TOMU: Do you think this is forgivable?!
BELIEVERS: Never!! Die!
OTAE: You bastard! You threw a rock at me. I'll remember your face!! I'll kill you afterwards!!
TOMU: I will leave the punishment of these traitors to you!
BELIEVER D: Punishment?! Just kill them.
BELIEVERS: That's right. Kill them!!
TOMU: It's decided. You will be punished with death.
OTAE: You're all such nave people.
HANAKO: Otae-chan...
OTAE: You think you have any power over us?
TOMU: You have no proof. Where do you get such confidence at a time like this?
OTAE: We believe in something far more powerful than you!
TOMU: What could be more powerful than dreams?
OTAE: That would be...
OTAE: our friends.
BELIEVER I: What's that?!
BELIEVER J: There's someone on the roof!
TOMU: Wh-What? Where?!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!! Over there!!
GINTOKI: Dream Catcher!
GINTOKI: Unveiled!
HANAKO: Oh! A ninja!
BELIEVER E: What's this? Someone fell from the beams!!
TOMU: Hey! Hattori-san! Get back up there! What am I paying you for?
NINJA: I-I can't... S-Something jabbed me in the butt.
TOMU: Stop fooling around.
TOMU: I picked you up off the streets after the Oniwabanshu downsized you.
TOMU: [NOTE: The Oniwabanshu was a group of ninjas formed by Yoshimune Tokugawa.]
NINJA: Sorry. I'm quitting.
NINJA: The toilets here aren't bidet toilets. My butt can't take it anymore.
TOMU: Hey!
BELIEVERS: I-It's a ninja.
BELIEVERS: Why does Tomu-sama have a ninja?
SHINPACHI: You still don't get it?
SHINPACHI: This is the truth behind the Dream Catcher.
SHINPACHI: Think back. Did he ever make a dream come true that wasn't simple and concrete things?
SHINPACHI: He pre-interviewed all his converts and chose only dreams that were easy to grant.
SHINPACHI: He kept a ninja hidden in the beams and acted as if he was performing miracles at swift speeds.
SHINPACHI: You were tricked.
BELIEVER E: Impossible. We would never fall for such a silly trick.
BELIEVER E: It's true. Why didn't you notice it before?
BELIEVER H: Give us back our money!!
OTAE: Why don't you use your Dream Catcher for something like this.
HANAKO: Pray to your hairy mole for help!!
OTAE: Yes. But the only thing different was you had people to help you.
GINTOKI: D-D-Dream Catcha...
GINTOKI: Please let me win big at pachinko...
GINTOKI: I don't have any. Go ask Santa for one.
KAGURA: You can't fool me.
GINTOKI: Sake helps facilitate communication between people. It's kind of like a social lubricant.
GINTOKI: [Note: Oden = ingredients in soup]
GINTOKI: Give whiskers here the check.
MASTER: Here you go.
SANTA: I ought to shave them off.
GINTOKI: So tell me why you two were arguing. Who are you guys anyway?
GINTOKI: Are you deliverymen or something?
SANTA: Well... It's obvious who we are.
SANTA: but we drive a sleigh and make children's dreams come true.
GINTOKI: Like a benevolent thief?
GINTOKI: Sa? Satan?
BEN: Close! But it has a far better meaning!
MASTER: You know what I mean... The hint is hanging between his legs.
SANTA: What?! What kind of hint is that? What kind of answer is that?
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter if it's Sankon or Santa.
SANTA: That's it! One of those was the right answer.
SANTA: Right... but not quite the way you described it...
MASTER: They ride around in a sleigh and expose their private parts to people.
SANTA: Presents! Presents!
SANTA: I ride in a sleigh and deliver presents to good children. That's my job.
GINTOKI: Can't you do your job without a sleigh?
SANTA: It would shatter people's perception of me if I didn't have them! I'm an icon!
GINTOKI: Reindeer? He looks like a monster.
GINTOKI: Here's my card.
GINTOKI: I do anything for my clients. We're "Odd Jobs."
BEN: What?! What can you do?
SANTA: Can you get us a sleigh right now?
GINTOKI: No problem.
GINTOKI: Hop in.
SANTA: We can't get on that! Its previous occupant is still in it!
GINTOKI: Huh? You can see him? He's just "Cardboard" O-san.
GINTOKI: He's an elf that only the pure of heart can see.
SANTA: We said we needed a sleigh! This is a two-wheeled cart.
MUSASHI: It's not a two-wheeled cart. It's my home!
GINTOKI: Don't worry about the little details.
MUSASHI: It's not a two-wheeled cart. It's my home sweet home!
GINTOKI: Sorry...
GINTOKI: Take the back-to-basics approach.
SANTA: What do you know about me?!
GINTOKI: She wrote "a kendama and a sweet mom."
GINTOKI: That means she really wants a kendama.
GINTOKI: You should do it...
SANTA/BEN: Yuri-chan!
SANTA: Um... Mom?!
BEN: Mom... What?
SANTA: Please return to your sweet mom self!
SANTA: And we didn't even make one child's wish come true yet.
BEN: This year was the worst.
SANTA: Let's pick a child whose family is so poor that the only toys they get are from the Dollar Store.
SANTA: Then we can bask in that one child's joy and go home.
GINTOKI: I already said there's no such kid in this age of gluttony.
GINTOKI: I'm really sorry.
SANTA: No problem.
GINTOKI: Oh? Where is she?
SANTA: I feel like I'm finally doing my Santa work.
GINTOKI: Hey!
SANTA: Oh? She's sleeping under the kotatsu.
BEN: What's this? Why are we doing something like Neoki Dokkiri?
BEN: [Note: Neoki Dokkiri is an old TV show where the crew visits someone's house and films them waking up.]
GINTOKI: A snot bubble!
BEN: Why are these guys so excited?
KAGURA: What are you doing?
KAGURA: What about my steamed pork bun?!
GINTOKI: She's dreaming! Dreaming! Shoot!
GINTOKI: Gotta get out of here... The Abyss gate is calling me!
GINTOKI: Let go!
REINDEER: You let go of me!
KAGURA: Steamed pork buns!
KAGURA: Gin-chan kept his promise to buy me steamed pork buns!
KAGURA: Yummy!
KATOKEN: Katoken samba!
KATOKEN: O-le!
SHINPACHI: [Note: The "Red and White Song Festival" is an annual singing competition that is broadcast every New Year's Eve.]
SHINPACHI: He went out to buy the JUMP double issue.
SHINPACHI: I wonder if he had an accident and lost his memory again.
OTAE: He's probably having double fun with a girl. Leave him be.
KAGURA: Your baldness caused by stress...
OTAE: [Note: Chikuwa is fish sausage. One of the ingredients in Oden.]
HATTORI: Eh? What? It's the JUMP double issue.
GINTOKI: JUMP double issue. Eh? JUMP double issue?
HATTORI: JUMP double issue?
GINTOKI: Good grief. There's only one left...
HATTORI: What should we do?
GINTOKI: I've already been to seven or eight convenience stores already.
HATTORI: Hiroshi is my son and only 5 years old.
GINTOKI: Hiroshi is going to die?
HATTORI: Well...
HATTORI: I want to make his last moments happy.
GINTOKI: Wait a minute. Wait. What?
GINTOKI: Does Hiroshi really want JUMP? JUMP has really gone downhill recently.
GINTOKI: I think this one is better.
HATTORI: Well... Hiroshi is only five years old.
STORE PERSON: Welcome.
GINTOKI: Hiroshi is too young for JUMP. That one is better for him.
HATTORI: He's too young for this!
HATTORI/GINTOKI: Here's the money!
GINTOKI: You're killing me! You ought be ashamed of yourself reading JUMP at your age!!
GINTOKI: Do you have a Peter Pan complex?! No fairy will come for you!
GINTOKI: They curse you behind your back.
STORE CLERK: Um...
STORE CLERK: Excuse me...
STORE CLERK: Money. Not enough.
STORE CLERK: Unless you combine your funds. Your decision.
KONDO: But we have a duty to defend Edo.
KONDO: So tonight restrict yourself to one glass.
KONDO: Just know that I'm proud of you...and of your restraint.
KONDO: Thank you for all your hard work this year!
HIJIKATA: You could use some restraint!
SAMURAI: Cheers!
HIJIKATA: They're hopeless...
HIJIKATA: But you behave informal every day.
OKITA: [Note: Konoyaro means "you bastard".]
HIJIKATA: What's left of the Viper's gang is still out there.
HIJIKATA: And a bunch of bombs are still missing from that warehouse.
OKITA: It's like a pesky snake that still lives even after we cut off its head.
HATTORI: Let me ask you something. Which part of JUMP do you read?
HATTORI: I love JUMP more than you do.
GINTOKI: What do you know?!
GINTOKI: so I even read the comments of the manga artists at the end.
GINTOKI: I even read the lousy editor's comments!
GINTOKI: That's nothing!
GINTOKI: I look over the advertisements for the suspicious mail-order goods on the back.
HATTORI: Damn it! Let's take a timeout. Take your hands off it for now. I promise I won't take it.
GINTOKI: You take your hands off it first. Then I'll do it.
HATTORI: Be an adult! An adult would think about the safety of JUMP!
GINTOKI: Wait! Do we take our hands off at the "t" or the "e" of three?
HATTORI: At the "e." After the "e."
HATTORI: Huh? I'm getting confused...
GINTOKI: I'll bet that old boomerang is your spy. You paid her to give it right back to you.
OLD LADY: Huh?
OLD LADY: Hey... Are you guys going to take your hands off it?
GINTOKI: What are you saying?! I'm all loose and everything.
GINTOKI: You're just squeezing it too hard!
HATTORI: Hey! Take your hands off it! Gee! You're gonna kill the old lady!
GINTOKI: Take your hands off it! Why don't you tell her to let go?!
KATSURA: I see... The rest of Viper's gang...
KATSURA: And... What's their plan?
SOBAYA: Rumor is they're going to attack the terminal.
SOBAYA: Let's see... I heard they'll attack the terminal with a truck full of justa-something bombs.
SOBAYA: I can't believe they're going to do it on New Year's Eve.
SOBAYA: What do you think? Will it work?
KATSURA: Not a chance.
SOBAYA: Why is that?
KATSURA: Edo's a party town.
KATSURA: Any Edoite who tries to get anything done tonight...is bound to screw it up somehow.
HATTORI: No!
HATTORI: That is my JUMP!
GINTOKI: Is he a monster?!
GINTOKI: He's so agile!
HATTORI: [NOTE: The Oniwabanshu was a group of elite ninjas formed by Yoshimune Tokugawa.]
GINTOKI: Hey! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
GINTOKI: It's flashing because we're on a truck!
GINTOKI: All right... I'll take...
HATTORI: I won't let you have it!
HATTORI: You don't deserve to read it!
HATTORI: It's mine!
GINTOKI: I won't let you have it!
GINTOKI: Friendship, Struggle and Victory?
GINTOKI: You think you can master those just by reading JUMP?
GINTOKI: Pathetic! You're just trying to fill the emptiness in your life by reading JUMP.
GINTOKI: You use JUMP as a confidence booster.
GINTOKI: JUMP shouldn't be used for that purpose!
GINTOKI: Fine... This is the best way for real men.
GINTOKI: We'll settle this just as they do in JUMP!
HATTORI: Tsk. I prefer love-comedy manga to battle manga.
HATTORI: But I have no choice. Sometimes a man must fight for his love!
GINTOKI: Gintoki Sakata.
HATTORI: Zenzo Hattori.
GINTOKI/HATTORI: Now!
MASUJIRO: ...What? Did I just hear a weird noise?
MASUJIRO: I wonder if the cops know we're here...
KAMBEI: so people will never guess it's equipped with a fearsome bomb.
KAMBEI: Edo will soon be a sea of fire.
GINTOKI: JUMP...
GINTOKI: Give it back to me!
MASUJIRO: Ka-Kambei!
HATTORI: JUMP...
HATTORI: Give it back to me!
 GINT: (M)Friendship, Struggle...
Dialogue: 0,0:21:11.47,0:21:12.91,Main01,HATTORI (M),0000,0000,0000,,...Victory...
 HATT: (M)Those aren't bad...
HATTORI: I'll never think of it that way!
GINTOKI: This JUMP is mine!
KAGURA: Is that a student preparing for his entrance exams by banging his head against the wall?
OTAE: That's the sound of businessmen who've been downsized throwing themselves out windows.
SHINPACHI: They ring that bell 108 times on New Year's Eve.
KAGURA: 108 times? No wonder they're jumping out windows!
SHINPACHI: 108 symbolizes the number of a person's earthly desires.
OTAE: Desire leads only to ruin.
GINTOKI/HATTORI: J-JUMP is...
GINTOKI/HATTORI: mine...
GINTOKI: Oh?
GINTOKI: Looking at it up close...
GINTOKI: ...it's just AKAMARU JUMP.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWOTOSE: Heavy snow?
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWOTOSE: The spirit of an Edoite is to enjoy every occasion!
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWOTOSE: The next episode: "Only Children Play in the Snow." Let the Kabukicho Snow Festival begin!
KAGURA/GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: We're looking forward to continuing the series this year!
SHINPACHI: Please stop them. Those two are making something really...
HASEGAWA: It's got a very high-quality finish.
SHINPACHI: What?! How do you know?! Does it really exist? Seriously?
SHINPACHI: Am I the only one who doesn't know anything about it?!
GINTOKI: It was the Dog Star clan's ultimate weapon.
GINTOKI: They used it to blow up Edo Castle Tower and force Japan to open up the country.
SHINPACHI: What? Our country was beaten with this ugly cannon?
HASEGAWA: I heard the winner gets a big cash prize.
SHINPACHI: Wow!
SHINPACHI: What's this?!
GINTOKI: This is too buff to be you. Let me scrape some off around here.
GINTOKI: Is this bit true to life too?
SHINPACHI: No! You're not supposed to point out that part!
HASEGAWA: Just a minute!
GINTOKI: Bastard! Are you trying to get Gin Tama canceled?!
HASEGAWA: Hey! Watch where you throw that snowball!
KAGURA: Take that!
 HASE: (M)It's stuck!
HASEGAWA: They're coming! Do something!
OTOSE: This is great work.
SHINPACHI: Yours is a hundred times worse.
SHINPACHI: Katsura-san...
KATSURA: Oh? This is the Neo Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon.
KATSURA: It has a very high-quality finish.
KATSURA: Another name for it is "Running Thunder."
KATSURA: It caused "The Seven Days of Fire" during the Balkans Campaign.
SHINPACHI: That's not the story I heard.
KAGURA: What are you doing here?
KATSURA: I'm participating just for fun.
SHINPACHI: Wow! Great! It's like an amusement park!
KATSURA: Something like this should be fun for children. I hope you guys like it.
KAGURA: You mean this isn't for rock climbing?
KATSURA: Don't slide with those on!
KATSURA: You bastards!
KATSURA: I know! You're trying to ruin my work so that you can win the grand prize!
KATSURA: I won't let you win that easily!
GINTOKI: You must be a genius. What made you think of attaching a slide to this?
SA-CHAN: I swear I had no idea you were here. It's not like I was following you or anything. It's just...
SHINPACHI: Nobody asked you...
SA-CHAN: Huh? This is a Neo Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon. It's got a very high-quality finish.
SHINPACHI: How do you even know that? You can't even see it's original shape anymore.
SA-CHAN: and has been long since abandoned in a storehouse.
SHINPACHI: I don't care! That story's crap!
SA-CHAN: Don't get me wrong. Th-That's not Gin-san.
SA-CHAN: Um... I'm not violating Shueisha's or any publisher's copyrights or anything.
KAGURA: Its legs are far too long. Gin-chan's are shorter.
SHINPACHI: It's a glorification of him.
GINTOKI: I bet this will win the grand prize. I can't possibly destroy it.
SA-CHAN: Eh? Really? Are you giving me a compliment?
SHINPACHI: Why are his arms positioned out like that?
SA-CHAN: For this...and now it's complete.
GINTOKI: What are you doing? Gin-san's arms! Fix them quickly! Hurry!
OTAE: What...
GINTOKI: Why me?!
OTAE: This is a Neo Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon.
SHINPACHI: No! It looks nothing like it did before!
OTAE: It looks so stupid. And there's nothing we can do with this Armstrong.
SHINPACHI: What? What the heck is an Armstrong Cannon?!
OTAE: We worked really hard on it.
OTAE: See? Isn't it great?
OTAE: What kind of work did the Odd Jobs do?
GINTOKI: Huh? Well... Um...
 GINT: (M)I'm too embarrassed to say. What did we do?!
 GINT: (M)That's just porn.
SHINPACHI: Ah. The truth at last.
OTAE: Huh? Where are you going?
OTAE: Don't you want to stay just a little longer to enjoy our snow statue?
OTAE: What's that?! There's something weird on the snow statue!
HASEGAWA: Who cares about the grand prize!!
HASEGAWA: Into oblivion!!
KATSURA: I don't want the slide anymore! I wish all the slides in the world would collapse!
OTAE: Give me a break! No way will I give up! I'll win!
OTAE: We promised to share the 100 cups of Bagen-Dash!
GINTOKI: Bagen-Dash? The winner gets 100 cups of ice cream?
GINTOKI: I worked so hard on a cold day because I thought we would get a cash prize.
KAGURA: How dare you treat us like fools!
OTOSE: Nope...
OTOSE: It's a festival.
MASTER: You see that?! You see that?! I made those fireworks!!
MATSU: It's a tiny bit lopsided...
MASTER: Quit nitpicking!
MATSU: Fireworks sparkling in the summer sky...
MATSU: Like a flower that blooms and disappears in an instant.
GINTOKI: This looks like snails. Is this some kind of punishment?
SHINPACHI: This may be...escargot or whatever you call it. It's a delicacy...I think. And very expensive.
KAGURA: Really?
SHINPACHI: Hey! That means this job's gonna be great!
GINTOKI: Idiot! Don't flip out too much.
GINTOKI: They're testing us. To see if we're classy enough.
KAGURA: You're right.
GINTOKI: It's a plate! I think we put food on top like this then eat it.
SHINPACHI: Plate... But it's already on the plate.
KAGURA: You guys are real hicks. Watch how I use it.
KAGURA: Excuse me.
GINTOKI: I see. We use it to call the butler. That's why it's disk-shaped.
SHINPACHI: I don't think that's right.
GINTOKI: Who's that guy? What? Some mollusk demon?
KAGURA: He's got a snail on his head.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Is that what we're supposed to do with it? Wear it?
YOUNG MASTER: What are you guys doing?!
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry. We're not used to this kind of thing...
SHINPACHI: Huh? Father?
YOUNG MASTER: The reason I called you over here is to take care of him.
GINTOKI: You escargot old fart! Quit poaching my...
MASTER: Junk Board Wandam. You're hairy today.
MASTER: [Note: word play on Gundam robots]
KAGURA: [Note: Kuso means crap]
KAGURA: Hmm... He's Janno Kuso Gundam. It's a pretty name.
YOUNG MASTER: He sometimes wanders around at night and leaves home for a couple of days.
YOUNG MASTER: He's getting to be a handful...
KAGURA: Hmm...Kuso mamire. It's a pretty name.
MASTER: Right. It's Michael J. Dogs.
SHINPACHI: They seem to be getting along well.
GINTOKI: Old ladies do fine after their husbands die.
SHINPACHI: But his wife isn't dead yet.
SHINPACHI: I bet he loved fireworks.
SHINPACHI: Old fart! What are you doing?!
KAGURA: He said he's going to meet his lover.
SHINPACHI: No way! He's already got one! Get him down before he escapes!
GINTOKI: Get out of the way!
GINTOKI: There!
GINTOKI: You've gotta be more careful.
SHINPACHI: I thought we were supposed to take care of him... not kill him.
SHINPACHI: Ah! He hasn't given up yet!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Why the heck is he so energetic? I thought this guy was old!
SHINPACHI: Hey! You're destroying the house!!
GINTOKI/KAGURA: There!
YOUNGMASTER: Mom is really sick! Can't you tell the good from the bad in these situations?!
MASTER: Don't worry about it. You fought well.
YOUNG MASTER: She's gotten a lot worse.
YOUNG MASTER: We can't take care of her at home anymore.
SHINPACHI: Then he won't be with his wife at all.
YOUNG MASTER: Father...
YOUNG MASTER: Don't you have anything to say?
MASTER: I'm going out to see my lover.
YOUNG MASTER: Good grief... I wonder if he even remembers mother at all.
GINTOKI: Excuse me.
MATSU: Please let him be.
MATSU: I'm the one who made him this way.
MATSU: I took away his fireworks... So please...
MATSU: He's done enough for me.
MATSU: He gave up the fireworks career he loved and worked very hard to take care of me.
MATSU: But I can't stand to see him miserable because he can't do what he loves anymore.
MATSU: I don't mind if he forgets about me... His mind was filled with fireworks from the start anyways.
MATSU: There is no place for me in his life now.
YOUNG MASTER: Mom...
GINTOKI: Butler... So how do you come to be here?
GINTOKI: What kind of position is he trying?
MASTER: There...
GINTOKI: Fireworks... Just as I thought...
GINTOKI: I think humans are better than that.
GINTOKI: That's what I believe.
MASTER: Hey! Did you see that? Did you?
MATSU: Shut up! Of course I saw it!
MATSU: Why do I have to watch fireworks on such a cold day?!
MASTER: Fireworks in winter are special and so dazzling!
MATSU: I don't care about your new fireworks...
MATSU: why do I have to come and watch your test fireworks?
YOUNG MASTER: My goodness! Father hasn't changed a bit.
MATSU: So true...
MATSU: I'm all right.
 MATS: (M)Right... that was 58 years ago today... I wonder if he still remembers...
 MATS: (M)Such a liar. That was the only time he ever did it.
 MAST: (M)bloom like beautiful flowers for an instant and then fade away.
 MAST: (M)That may be true.
 MAST: (M)...make beautiful flowers bloom by your side again and again.
MATSU: Yes indeed.
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Look! Look!
KAGURA: Wow!! So beautiful!
SHINPACHI: Are there any fireworks festivals scheduled today?
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWKATSURA: My name is Katsura.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWKATSURA: I've fallen in love with your ramen.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWKATSURA: Please teach me how to make ramen under your tutelage.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWKATSURA: The next episode: "Ramen Shops with Long Menus Never Do Well."
MEMBER B: He's got to be around here! Find him!
KATSURA: This isn't looking good.
KATSURA: They have me surrounded.
KATSURA: Looks like the end of the line for me.
 KATSURA (FALSETTO: (FALSETTO VOICE)Good evening. I'm Santa Claus.
IKUMATSU: Good grief.
IKUMATSU: You were asking for it.
IKUMATSU: It's your fault for being there when a panty burglar is on the lose.
IKUMATSU: I'm the owner here. The name's Ikumatsu.
KATSURA: [Note: Ramen is egg noodles made with wheat. Soba is made with buckwheat and fillers]
KATSURA: I'm Katsura. My favorite food is soba.
IKUMATSU: Meaning what? I should give you soba instead?
KATSURA: Oh you know. I took a wrong turn.
KATSURA: Everyone has a skeleton or two in their closet they don't want to talk about.
IKUMATSU: Look in the mirror. You'll see suspicious long hair.
IKUMATSU: Are you...
IKUMATSU: Rain? I don't hear any rain.
KATSURA: I'll tell you the truth...
KATSURA: I'm a ramen hunter. I travel Japan seeking the Way of Ramen.
IKUMATSU: Didn't you say you liked soba earlier?
KATSURA: Ramen and soba are similar. They're both long.
IKUMATSU: You have no right to talk about ramen!
IKUMATSU: The only kind of customers I get are...
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Ikumatsu-chan! Lookin' good!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Don't be so cold.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: And here I came all the way to see how my big bro's widow is doing.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: But you said you wanted it so bad...
IKUMATSU: Money again?! I don't have any more to give you!
KATSURA: Welcome! May I take your order?
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Hey! What do you think you're pulling?
BROTHER-IN-LAW: What restaurant did you come from?!
UNDERLING B: We didn't come here for a meal.
KATSURA: May I recommend our house special? Our B Course?
BROTHER-IN-LAW: [Note: Off Course is the name of a Japanese singing group.]
BROTHER-IN-LAW/UNDERLING A/UNDERLING B: What's with the fried rice?!
KATSURA: The fried rice is the appetizer.
UNDERLINGS A AND B: That's a big appetizer!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Just shut up! Ignore him.
IKUMATSU: You're no rebels!
IKUMATSU: You're just a bunch of losers trying to make yourselves look good!!
IKUMATSU: Aren't even bothering with little chumps like you!
IKUMATSU: Scum like you make me sick!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Shut up! Beat it!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Fried rice again?! The entre is fried rice?!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: It's nothing but fried rice!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: What is this obsession you have with fried rice?!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: What are you some kind of fried rice fetishist?
BROTHER-IN-LAW: The...john.
KATSURA: Occupied.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Damn you!
UNDERLING A: My stomach... I can't hold it...
UNDERLING A: Oh no! It's coming....
 PASSERB: (MALE)No one looks like that.
KATSURA: What're you talking about?
IKUMATSU: Weren't you seeking the Way of Ramen?
KATSURA: Well... Let's say I'm a waiter seeking the Way of Ramen...and leave it at that.
IKUMATSU: You're an odd fellow. Sticking your nose into a troublesome situation.
IKUMATSU: or until your injuries heal...
IKUMATSU: I'll let you stay here.
KATSURA: Ikumatsu-dono.
IKUMATSU: But...
IKUMATSU: What're you just standing there for?
KATSURA: or a boyfriend's cell phone messages...
IKUMATSU: What is it you're trying to say?
IKUMATSU: do a delivery for me?
KATSURA: Ow ow ow ow.
KATSURA: It's raining hard.
IKUMATSU: It's not raining.
IKUMATSU: Are you like a kid who doesn't want to go to the dentist?
 KATS: (M)She trusts me too much.
HIJIKATA: Have you found him yet?
OKITA: Please relax. We have everything under control.
HIJIKATA: I hope you're right.
OKITA: Katsura has an injured leg. We won't let him escape.
OKITA: What is it?
HIJIKATA: This is the first time I've ever seen you work so hard.
OKITA: No other creature in existence eats his dumplings with that on it.
HIJIKATA: Really?
 HIJIKATA (AS : (AS HE EATS)Want some? It's delicious.
OKITA: Absolutely not.
HIJIKATA: We're up against Katsura. We can't let down our guard.
OKITA: You don't need to remind me.
PROPRIETOR: What is that?
HIJIKATA: What in the hell?!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: That damn long-hair made a fool of us... He won't get away with this.
UNDERLING A: But he seemed quite strong.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Relax. Who said we're going to take that kind of risk.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: I have an idea.
MOTHER: Don't look in its eyes.
MOTHER: You'll be possessed!
IKUMATSU: I can be sometimes. It's just a little something for all your hard work.
KATSURA: Huh? What's this?
IKUMATSU: Can you tell? I spent a little extra.
KATSURA: Delicious...you say?
IKUMATSU: Something's missing?
IKUMATSU: I know something is missing.
KATSURA: Then you'll have to add whatever is missing.
IKUMATSU: It's not that simple...
IKUMATSU: It's a heavy burden...
KATSURA: Ignorance is bliss.
KATSURA: It's like chanting sutras to a horse.
IKUMATSU: What's that supposed to mean? You calling me a horse?
KATSURA: [Note: Similar to the saying "perserverence will prevail".]
KATSURA: Sit three years on a stone.
IKUMATSU: What would that do? Where's the benefit in that?
KATSURA: Ikumatsu-dono.
IKUMATSU: My husband...
IKUMATSU: was murdered by rebels.
IKUMATSU: but he got involved in an incident and that was it.
IKUMATSU: If they can't even save the people right in front of them.
IKUMATSU: There's no way they can save the country.
IKUMATSU: I hate them all.
PROPRIETOR: No. This is why I don't want you.
KATSURA: [Note: Tonkotsu is a ramen in a soup made with collagen-rich pork bone broth]
IKUMATSU: Coming right up!
IKUMATSU: Yes?
WOMAN A: You never used to let any men get near you after your husband died...
WOMAN A: You devil you!
IKUMATSU: It's not like that! He's just helping out!
IKUMATSU: Look at that hair! Men look best in crew cuts.
IKUMATSU: No way.
WOMAN B: Really?
KATSURA: Ikumatsu-dono. We need to...talk...
KATSURA: Ikumatsu-dono. Where'd she go?
KATSURA: She does trust me too much.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Time to cash out my investment. Then I'll sell the shop.
 KATS: (M)I can't stay here.
 KATS: (M)I can't hurt Ikumatsu-dono. And...she makes me question myself.
IKUMATSU: I hate them all!
MAN B: Want some bread crust?
UNDERLING B: She oughta bring enough to pay for a good spree.
BROTHER-IN-LAW: What're you talking about?
KATSURA: Why is her delivery bike here...?
OKITA: What're you guys doing? Are you on the job?
OKITA: Mind if we take a look inside?
UNDERLING B: Yikes! What're the Shinsengumi doing here?!
OKITA: No doubt about it! Katsura must be in there! After th...
OKITA: Die! Katsura!
UNDERLING B: Katsura?!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Don't tell me that was the Katsura?! Kotaro Katsura?!
BROTHER-IN-LAW: He's a real rebel fighter! The Unstoppable...
BROTHER-IN-LAW: Kotaro Katura?!
UNDERLING B: We're in trouble! Ditch the palanquin...and run!
KATSURA: Your desserts...
KATSURA: I've brought them...for you!
KATSURA: I have just two things to tell you.
KATSURA: One: Don't ever pose as a rebel fighter again.
KATSURA: Two: Never pass through the curtain of that ramen shop.
OKITA: Katsura!
KATSURA: Looks like we don't have time to chat.
KATSURA: I'm sorry.
IKUMATSU: I knew the whole time.
IKUMATSU: I'm like you. I don't have what it takes to ignore someone who's in trouble.
IKUMATSU: So don't apologize.
KATSURA: I see.
KATSURA: Then let me just say this...
KATSURA/IKUMATSU: {\an1}Thank you.
KATSURA/IKUMATSU: {\an3}Thank you.
OKITA: Katsura!
OKITA: Huh?
IKUMATSU: Welcome...
GINTOKI: What shall I have...?
IKUMATSU: Care to try it?
OMITTEDCAPTION: [Trailer]
 UMIBOZU (NAR: (NARRATION)A city of constant rain where it rained all year long...
YOUNG KAGURA: Pappy!
OKITA: Ready!
SHINPACHI: G-Gin-san... I'm in too!
UMIBOZU: Just tell them Umibozu is calling.
UMIBOZU: Would you tell the police for me?
UMIBOZU: Just tell them Umibozus calling.
KAGURA: Hello? Odd Jobs.
CON ARTIST: Hello. Its me. Me.
KAGURA: Who are you?
CON ARTIST: Its me! Im in big trouble.
CON ARTIST: Thats right. Its Gin-chan Gin-chan.
KAGURA: Finish her off and run away.
CON ARTIST: What?! How could you say that? Thats awful!
KAGURA: Seriously?
CON ARTIST: I need you to immediately deposit the money to this bank account
GINTOKI: That hurt. I wiped too hard.
GINTOKI: Huh? Did somebody just leave?
SHINPACHI: Yeah. That was Kagura-chan.
GINTOKI: Whats that about?
SHINPACHI: Mustve been a call from her home. Maybe they want her to return.
GINTOKI: Thatd be great. Itd be a lot quieter around here.
SHINPACHI: More importantly
GINTOKI: The Its Me con artist?
SHINPACHI: just saying Its me and letting you assume its someone you know.
SHINPACHI: Then they say theyre in trouble and need you to wire money to them.
GINTOKI: I wouldnt deposit money no matter who was in trouble.
GINTOKI: The only one whod fall for that is some stupid girl with Amazonian strength.
OKITA: Umibozu? Whats that?
OKITA: Let me see that.
MEMBER A: Hes celebrated as the strongest of all the exterminators.
MEMBER A: He has secret ties with planetary authorities everywhere.
MEMBER A: Hes a man who has traveled the stars and battled countless monsters.
MEMBER A: Hes known only as Umibozu Hes a living legend.
OKITA: Ohh So whats a legend doing here?
MEMBER A: Seems an alien escaped into Edo.
KONDO: We appreciate you coming here to warn us.
UMIBOZU: You say that like Im hunting mushrooms!
UMIBOZU: Im here on private business.
KONDO: Someone who troubles even the famed Umibozu-dono?
UMIBOZU: She is indeed a woman. No question about that.
KAGURA: Im sorry. Gin-chan told me on the phone! Hell get in trouble if I dont throw rice!
BANKER A: Huh? Throw rice?
BANKER B: Were sorry about the commotion.
HIJIKATA: What? Umibozu?
HIJIKATA: Whats such a big shot doing here?
KONDO: We have to act quickly or well have a major problem.
KONDO: A parasitic alien has entered Edo.
HIJIKATA: Alien?
HARADA: Prepare for Samurai Justice!!
KONDO: Jo-san? What happened? Did something happen to a guy named Jo-san?
KONDO: I dont entirely understand but listen carefully.
KONDO: The quickest way to tell if someones been taken over by it is to look at their face. There will be bruises.
KONDO: Look for a panda! The parasites host
KONDO: will have black circles around their eyes.
KONDO: stop it before it causes any damage. Look for a panda!
KONDO: Not likea real pandayou know.
OKITA: A panda.
GINTOKI: Were too late.
SHINPACHI: What? You dont mean that Kagura-chan did this?
GINTOKI: Thats right. She was tricked by the Its Me scam and tried to deposit money.
SHINPACHI: Oh no What should we do?
SHINPACHI: What can we do?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san?
SHINPACHI: G-Gin-san
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Our mistake.
ONLOOKER: A monster!
GINTOKI: Well Im glad seems Kagura-chan isnt the robber.
SHINPACHI: But wasnt something attacking her?
GINTOKI: That call mustve been from her father. They were meeting here.
GINTOKI: Whatre you doing? Whats that all over you?! Is that your fathers guts!
KAGURA: What happened to the priest? Did you settle it?
KAGURA: [Note: A play on the word ninpu meaning pregnant woman and shinpu meaning priest]
GINTOKI: Whats this about a priest? How did that guy scam you?!
GINTOKI: Is that your dad?
KAGURA: Thats not my dad!! It just appeared and started spewing all over the place.
SHINPACHI: Its still spewing!
SHINPACHI: Let go! Let go!!
GINTOKI: Bad Kagura-chan! Let go of us!
KAGURA: Im taking both of you with me!
UMIBOZU: Ive been looking for you Kagura.
KAGURA: Pappy?
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: PaPappy?!
JO: No way!
JO: Id rather die than break my principles!
MOVIEGOER A: I was totally moved.
MOVIEGOERS B AND C: Jo Bro is the best!
STUDENT: Aliens are scum!
JO: Aliens?! Its all over!
OKITA: You are completely surrounded.
OKITA: Your mother back in your hometown is crying!
OKITA: She didnt raise you to be this kind of alien.
YAMAZAKI: What kind of alien is that?
OKITA: Say something.
YAMAZAKI: What? Shes here? Its mother is here?
KONDO: Mommy doesnt know you anymore
MEMBERS: Chief!
HARADA: Totally dead!
YAMAZAKI: Someones coming out.
OKITA: Ready!
UMIBOZU: Just come with me! Ill treat you to a marron parfait!
KAGURA: Let go! Dont walk so close!
UMIBOZU: Whats the matter? Are you embarrassed to be with your father?!
KAGURA: Its too late to fix it.
HIJIKATA: What?
SHINPACHI: Umibozu?!
SHINPACHI: Umibozu What? Hes Kaguras father?!
UMIBOZU: Im just thin on top.
SHINPACHI: Umibozu is the fiercest Alien Buster ever.
SHINPACHI: His name is known throughout galaxy. The wandering exterminator.
UMIBOZU: He makes your Pappy mad. Can I kill him?
KAGURA: And this guy with the stupid fuzzy-head is Gin-chan.
GINTOKI: Whats with the stupid?
KAGURA: These are the guys Im looking after while on Earth.
UMIBOZU: Hmph. Are you sure they werent planning something illegal?
GINTOKI: What? What do you mean by misuse?
GINTOKI: You talking about grating a radish on your head?
UMIBOZU: Ive been hunting feverishly for her ever since
UMIBOZU: I took my eyes off her for a second and she disappeared.
UMIBOZU: Girls this age are difficult. Theyre as fragile as a glass sculpture.
GINTOKI: Whatre you talking about? Your brain is as fragile as a glass sculpture!
UMIBOZU: Im taking Kagura-chan home with me!
KAGURA: You dont get to decide that!
KAGURA: I dont want you meddling in my life now.
UMIBOZU: Kagura-chan
UMIBOZU: Family is like a birds nest.
UMIBOZU: A bird cant keep on flying forever.
KAGURA: Im the same way. I dont need a nest; a wooden perch is enough.
UMIBOZU: Then whats so special about this wooden perch?
UMIBOZU: Is there something that you can only get here?
KAGURA: What would I gain by going back home?
KAGURA: Ill perch wherever I like and fly from there.
UMIBOZU: Kid! Dont talk like you know it all.
KAGURA: You still think Im a kidBaldy?
SHINPACHI: Huh? What is this feeling?
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
HIJIKATA: The Immigration officers said to bring it in.
HIJIKATA: Youd think he could find something better to collect
OKITA: Is this the kind of monster Umibozu always fights?
OKITA: Makes me wonder which one is the real monster.
HIJIKATA: And to think hes that China girls father! Not exactly the family type.
KONDO: There are two kinds of men.
KONDO: But even more I see a beast. Hes not the type that can stay peacefully at home.
KONDO: Im afraid that girl has lived a lonely life until now
PASSERBY: Whats that?!
PASSERBY: What are they? Are they even human?!
UMIBOZU: Do you think Id allow my unmarried daughter
UMIBOZU: to live with a man?!
UMIBOZU: Thats how you get
UMIBOZU: a marriage forced by pregnancy!
KAGURA: Im not a loose woman!
UMIBOZU: That bitch! She told you that?!
UMIBOZU: I do!
UMIBOZU: I wont let you make the same mistake I did!
KAGURA: Leave me alone already!
KAGURA: Thats all youve ever done anyway!!
KAGURA: So Ill decide for myself where and how Ill live!
UMIBOZU: Seems you really like this wooden perch.
UMIBOZU: Then all the more reason you should leave it.
UMIBOZU: Have you forgotten the beast blood that runs through our veins?
UMIBOZU: The Yato instinct that makes us roam in search of prey?
UMIBOZU: We are just beasts that can only live on the battlefield.
UMIBOZU: What happens when you put that beast in a peaceful place?
UMIBOZU: You forget who you are
UMIBOZU: This isnt the place for you. This isnt the sky we should fly in.
KAGURA: No. I dont want to live a life where I just give up.
KAGURA: Ill stay with Gin-chan and the others.
UMIBOZU: Gin-chan? That guy? What can a bum like him do?
UMIBOZU: You leave me no choice
UMIBOZU: Then Ill take you with me by force.
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GIRL: Mommy!
GINTOKI: What is it with you people?!
UMIBOZU: What do you think youre doing?
UMIBOZU: Dont be sticking your nose into a family argument.
GINTOKI: That was another wild fight.
GINTOKI: Go home.
GINTOKI: I think we can all see that now. Go home with your father.
GINTOKI: Lets make this good-bye.
KAGURA: What? Why? Why are you saying that?
GINTOKI: Stop it!
KAGURA: Why?
KAGURA: Why?
SHINPACHI: You fired her?! You fired Kagura-chan?!
SHINPACHI: Does that mean she went home together with her father?!
SHINPACHI: The next episode: "You Can't Judge a Movie by Its Title."
KONDO: Stand! Bow! Take your seats!
HIJIKATA: Please avenge Jo Bro.
GINPACHI: Go to the nurses office and get a mayonnaise injection or something.
KONDO: Sensei!
KONDO: I found out I am really alien.  What should I do?
GINPACHI: Go home and have a talk with your mom.
OKITA: What do you mean by that?
GINPACHI: Its okay. There was no meaning from the very beginning.
ALL: Okay.
SHINPACHI: Im absolutely going to watch this movie.
UMIBOZU: I just got home and you're already asking me that?
YOUNG KAGURA: I don't want to see Mommy so sad anymore.
YOUNG KAGURA: I'm lonely.
UMIBOZU: That was our promise.
 UMIB: (M)That's why you came to this distant place to find your nest...
UMIBOZU: How cold of them.
UMIBOZU: I guess you were the only one who felt close to them.
UMIBOZU: They didn't feel the same way...
UMIBOZU: That's how it goes. Monsters like us... People either use us or hate us. One or the other...
 UMIB: (M)Please let me make amends. I won't ever let you feel lonely again.
 UMIB: (M)Kagura... I will protect you. And make this up to you...and your mother.
KAGURA: You stink...
SHINPACHI: You fired her?!
GINTOKI: I cut my toenail to the quick. What're you going to do about this?
SHINPACHI: You fired Kagura-chan?!
SHINPACHI: Does that mean Kagura-chan went home together with her father?!
GINTOKI: How should I know? She probably did.
GINTOKI: A little girl shouldn't be living in a strange guy's house anyway.
GINTOKI: She's lucky she was with me.
SHINPACHI: You don't understand anything!
 KAGURA (RECOLLE: (RECOLLECTION)I won't break even if I'm the last remaining branch.
 KAGURA (RECOLLE: (RECOLLECTION)I'll stick with the tree until the very end.
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan thought the world of you...
KAGURA: You don't have to tell me that! We're already living the way we want to.
SHINPACHI: We came here because we wanted to.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: We came here to be with you.
SHINPACHI: Forget it.
SHINPACHI: Seems we were the only ones who thought we were friends.
GINTOKI: I don't remember ever asking you or Kagura to come here.
GINTOKI: Ouch...my back...
GINTOKI: What? Got a problem with that? I won't feed you.
GINTOKI: What? You won't find her there.
GINTOKI: But it's better this way.
CABIN ANNOUNCEMENT: This craft may rock or sway during transport.
CABIN ANNOUNCEMENT: Please fasten your seatbelts securely around...
CABIN ANNOUNCEMENT: your waist and please remain seated until the light goes out.
CABIN ATTENDANT: You must remain seated until we reach stable airspace.
UMIBOZU: Bon voyage!
UMIBOZU: My muscles are losing control of the situation! They're losing it!
JII: That container goes here! That goes there!
MAINTENANCE MAN A: This is the luggage bay.
MAINTENANCE MAN A: Who is that bossy old man?
MAINTENANCE MAN B: The idiotic prince of the Midland Star.
MAINTENANCE MAN A: So all this creepy cargo belongs to that prince?
MAINTENANCE MAN B: It's a collection of terrible taste. He's got to be dumb... Look at this stuff...
JII: Be careful with that! These are all the Prince's treasures.
MAINTENANCE MAN A: All right.
MAINTENANCE MEN A AND B: What?!
MAINTENANCE MAN A: Hey! What've you done to the Prince's treasure?!
MAINTENANCE MAN B: He said junk! He called the Prince's treasure junk!
JII: Never mind. Hurry and clean this up. There'll be hell to pay if that idiot finds out.
MAINTENANCE MAN A: What? How would we know? Was there something inside?
JII: There should've been something similar to those things.
MAINTENANCE MAN A: What? A monster like these?!
JII: That's odd. How could a corpse disappear by itself?
WORKER A: Just a minute... You can't go in there.
WORKER B: We'll call the police!
SHINPACHI: Wait! Listen! Listen to me!
SHINPACHI: My girlfriend was kidnapped by an old guy with a hairdo like barcode
SHINPACHI: and the two of them are trying to run off on their honeymoon.
WORKER A: You expect me to believe you have a girlfriend.
WORKER A: You look like you haven't had a girlfriend for 16 years!
SHINPACHI: And what the hell is that supposed to mean?! How do you know my age?
WORKER A: Don't lie to me! You look like your father already died!
SHINPACHI: How did you know? How come you know that?
 SHIN: (M)Kagura-chan.
 SHIN: (M)I don't know what kind of life you led before.
 SHIN: (M)And I don't know how you feel about your father.
 SHIN: (M)I know how much you cherished Gin-san.
 SHIN: (M)I feel the same!
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry!
 KAGU: (M)Someday... I knew we'd have to part.
 KAGU: (M)But right now...
UMIBOZU: Kagura-cha...
PASSENGER A: Hey... Hey! What is that?!
PASSENGER B: It's a man! There's a man on the ladder!
SHINPACHI: Wait! Wait!
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!! Where are you going?!
SHINPACHI: Odd Jobs means the three of us! Together!
SHINPACHI: I can't handle that idiot by myself! I need you back at Odd Jobs with me!
UMIBOZU: That nimrod! What a stupid thing to do!
KAGURA: Shinpachi.
KAGURA: Shinpa...
KAGURA: Pappy!
UMIBOZU: You...
ANNOUNCEMENT: Emergency alarm! Emergency alarm!
SHINPACHI: What is that thing?!
SHINPACHI: Oh god! It's coming this way!
GINTOKI: Alien? Never heard the word. Sounds like a candy shop.
GINTOKI: Earth belongs to us yakuza!
GINTOKI: What? You'll what...? Uh...um... That's cruel.
GINTOKI: That's so wrong!
HASEGAWA: The battle of... Alien vs. Yakuza!
HASEGAWA: And so the battle for a planet begins!
HASEGAWA: What will be the fate of Earth?
HASEGAWA: You can see the rest of this story in the theater.
HASEGAWA: No one's coming! Who'd want to come?!
HASEGAWA: Who's gonna fall for this lame teaser?! Look at you losers!
HASEGAWA: Were you even listening at the meeting?
HASEGAWA: And after I went through the trouble to get you work.
GINTOKI: How would I know. I can do anything myself even if they aren't around.
SHINPACHI: Am I in the world of the dead?
UMIBOZU: Whose head are you calling a burnt plain?
SHINPACHI: Umibozu-san?
UMIBOZU: Who'd have thought it'd still be alive?
UMIBOZU: And where'd he eat enough to get that big?
UMIBOZU: It'll engulf this place soon. Get going.
UMIBOZU: I don't see Kagura-chan.
SHINPACHI: Wait.
SHINPACHI: I'm coming too. I just can't leave...Kagura-chan there.
UMIBOZU: You'll get in my way. Go home.
UMIBOZU: This is where we belong.
 SHIN: (M)Those eyes.
SHINPACHI: But I...
UMIBOZU: I told you: we live in a different world.
UMIBOZU: Forget about Kagura. You'll only make her unhappy.
UMIBOZU: Do you think people can change so easily?
 UMIB: (M)All the pain of trying to change...was just that. Pain.
JII: Help us!
KAGURA: Quickly! This way!
OKITA: It's dangerous. Clear out of here!
OKITA: Your mother back in your hometown is crying!
OKITA: She didn't raise you to be this kind of alien.
OKITA: Say something.
KONDO: Do you know what your father said just before he died?
OKITA: The Bakufu gave this Terminal "Architectural Landmark" status.
HIJIKATA: I never imagined that thing would still be alive.
HIJIKATA: Seems it's tougher than we imagined.
HIJIKATA: Which makes it especially bad news that it's making the terminal its nest.
HIJIKATA: Incredible amounts of energy pump through this place to teleport ships.
HIJIKATA: This thing's sudden growth is because it's consuming the immense energy flowing though the terminal.
HIJIKATA: What're you shooting?!
CAMERAMAN: Ow ow ow ow!
WOMAN A: I'm scared!
HASEGAWA: What's going to happen to me? I'm unemployed again.
HASEGAWA: Why should I care if Edo gets destroyed?
OKITA: Boss?!
HIJIKATA: What're you...?!
GINTOKI: Is this a TV camera? A camera?
UMIBOZU: Don't do that!
UMIBOZU: Your you-know-what will swell up!
UMIBOZU: Didn't your mother...ever teach you that?
UMIBOZU: All I know is...you're a pain in the ass!! Get lost.
GINTOKI: Shut up! At least I still have two arms!
UMIBOZU: My one arm is worth three of yours!
GINTOKI: You should go home! Go to a hospital and get a new brain to go with your new arm!!
UMIBOZU: And I'm not going to a hospital for just an arm! My left arm was a prosthetic anyways.
KONDO: Stop it! Your reign of terror ends here!
KONDO: Don't let them get into the streets of Edo!
MEMBER B: Vice-chief! The terminal is coming apart!
HIJIKATA: Who cares? We'll just say that the monster destroyed it.
MEMBER F: Look at that!
MEMBER G: The alien is retreating.
KONDO: We did it! We've won!
MEMBER D: Wh-What's it doing?! The alien is wrapping around the ship!
MEMBER D: Look! There's someone...!
MEMBER F: Right in the middle of the monster!
HIJIKATA: Umibozu? That's...Umibozu! And that guy!
GINTOKI: Out of my way!
UMIBOZU: Or we're gonna piss on you!
HIJIKATA: That's Umibozu? He's like a monster.
HIJIKATA: Those are...Bakufu warships.
KONDO: It's Pops! Old man Matsudaira is here!
OKITA: The god of destruction! Katakuriko Matsudaira!
KONDO: He'll take out the entire terminal!
UMIBOZU: Looks like they've finally shown up for their photo op!
UMIBOZU: We've just about taken care of things here.
GINTOKI: I'm amazed you fought this far with just one arm.
UMIBOZU: You only have one arm yourself.
UMIBOZU: I can't figure you out.
GINTOKI: I'd like to know the same thing. Why did I come here?
UMIBOZU: Are you...
GINTOKI: Relax. I'm not planning on taking that loudmouth brat back with me.
GINTOKI: I'm not going to let her die.
UMIBOZU: Interesting. You're an interesting fellow.
UMIBOZU: But what can you do with only one arm?
UMIBOZU: I see... Thanks!
MEMBER F: Wh-What is that?!
UMIBOZU: The nucleus. The core of the parasitic alien.
UMIBOZU: It's the first one I've seen that's this huge.
UMIBOZU: It's absorbed an excessive amount of the terminal's energy and finally blew right through the ship.
UMIBOZU: Ka...
UMIBOZU: Kagura!
GINTOKI: It swallowed her up!
UMIBOZU: We've got a problem... We can't kill it now!
MATSUDAIRA: Attention!
MATSUDAIRA: All civilians in the terminal vicinity! Leave the area immediately.
MATSUDAIRA: We are about to open fire on the alien! Vacate the area immediately.
GINTOKI: Wha?!
UMIBOZU: What?!
MATSUDAIRA: Kondo... Are you weighing the life of a single civilian with all of Edo?
MATSUDAIRA: Our mission is to save as many lives as we can.
MATSUDAIRA: Would you risk your entire mission for just one of those lives? Don't be a wussy.
KONDO: Damn! It's on the move again.
MATSUDAIRA: You see what I mean? That's what happens when you don't listen to me.
MATSUDAIRA: You two go on home! You're in our way!
UMIBOZU: Go.
UMIBOZU: This place will soon be a sea of flames.
UMIBOZU: Not my family... Not my only daughter... Nothing.
KAGURA: The ones we have to fight are ourselves. If we don't...everyone will be all alone.
UMIBOZU: This the price I have to pay for running away for so long.
GINTOKI: This is why daughters get mad at their fathers.
GINTOKI: Do you think she's so weak that a little thing like this'll kill her?
GINTOKI: Five minutes. Just delay 'em five minutes for me.
GINTOKI: I'm not asking you to believe in me. But...
GINTOKI: At least believe in Kagura.
UMIBOZU: What're you planning to do?!
 UMIB: (M)What a crazy thing to do...
MATSUDAIRA: Ready the Matsu-Blaster for firing!
MATSUDAIRA: Never mind. Just fire.
MATSUDAIRA: What?
SHINPACHI: You dumb-asses! Can't you see this old guy?
JII: You'll have an international incident on your hands!
SHINPACHI: Go make yourself some instant ramen while you wait!
UMIBOZU: Y-You people...
JII: That girl saved us.
KAGURA: When I did...I made so many friends.
KAGURA: I'm not alone anymore.
GINTOKI: Kagura...
KAGURA: Gi...Gin-chan...
MATSUDAIRA: I have to be at my daughter's birthday party at five.
JII: Does it look like they're starting to fire?
SHINPACHI: We're in trouble. We gotta get outta here!
KAGURA: That's my pickled seaweed!
UMIBOZU: Kagura!
UMIBOZU: You did it?!
GINTOKI: Did her parents starve her or something?
UMIBOZU: You know what I wonder? Did your parents cut out your brain?
GINTOKI: Maybe I never had any parents.
UMIBOZU: That I can believe!
UMIBOZU: Let's finish the job.
UMIBOZU: Who're you calling "dad"?!
MEMBER D: Look! The alien is...
KONDO: Pops! Stop the attack! There's no need to shoot anymore!
MATSUDAIRA: Stop? Don't be silly!
KONDO: Not stop as in "stop over"! Can't you think of anything else except your daughter?!
MATSUDAIRA: Hurry up and get out of there! I won't be responsible for whatever happens to you!!
JII: Huh? Run? Where are we supposed to go?
SHINPACHI: My glasses... My glasses... My glasses...
GINTOKI: Down's no good. Go up. Up!
KAGURA: Give me back my pickled seaweed!
 UMIB: (M)She's not fully conscious. She broke through the nucleus in this condition?
UMIBOZU: This man's voice reached into the depths of Kagura's subconscious.
KAGURA: Ah! Pickled seaweed.
UMIBOZU: What're you doing?! Pappy's precious hair!
GINTOKI: Hey! What're you eating?!
GINTOKI: Huh? What's that sound?
KONDO: My...god...
KONDO: Those guys must be...
MATSUDAIRA: How is that possible?
MATSUDAIRA: With just an umbrella...
MATSUDAIRA: he blocked the blast.
SHINPACHI: B-Bozu-san!
UMIBOZU: Looks like I got a bit fired up myself!
UMIBOZU: Imagine me dying...to save somebody else!
GINTOKI: H-Hey!
SHINPACHI: Bozu-san!
SHINPACHI: Bal...I mean... Bozu-san.
GINTOKI: Baldy...
HIJIKATA: What're we going to do with this mountain of dead alien flesh?
HIJIKATA: But that monster was every bit what the rumors said he was.
HIJIKATA: I mean Umibozu... Umibozu.
KONDO: Really? He didn't look like a monster to me.
GINTOKI: How's Kagura?
UMIBOZU: She's being treated by the rescue team. Her injury was pretty serious.
UMIBOZU: I just need to get a new one.
GINTOKI: Not your arm...your brain.
UMIBOZU: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: You know what I mean.
GINTOKI: It'll grow back in time.
UMIBOZU: Arms don't grow back.
GINTOKI: Not your arm... Your hair.
GINTOKI: A lesson?
UMIBOZU: That one's a real bad egg.
UMIBOZU: He's a kid who's the personification of the fighting spirit.
UMIBOZU: It was a savage practice where a person's worth was determined by surpassing their parents.
UMIBOZU: He tried to take the head of the legendary Umibozu.
UMIBOZU: Surprised? That's what we Yato are like.
UMIBOZU: That I wasn't trying to stop him... I was trying to kill him.
UMIBOZU: I was afraid that Kagura would one day seek my life as well.
UMIBOZU: I would not be able to suppress the beast inside of me.
UMIBOZU: But I almost repeated the same mistake.
UMIBOZU: I thought I saw myself in Kagura. But Kagura and I are different. She's...
UMIBOZU: She's a lot stronger than I am.
UMIBOZU: But I-I'm a total failure as a father.
UMIBOZU: No...maybe I'm the only one who thinks I'm a father.
UMIBOZU: Maybe she doesn't even think of me as her father.
GINTOKI: A letter...
GINTOKI: She always wrote them in secret.
GINTOKI: I secretly kept all of them in my closet hoping if I ever got the chance to hand them to you...
GINTOKI: This is the only one I have right now.
GINTOKI: I figured you're not the type...to read this and go nuts about it.
GINTOKI: See you later.
UMIBOZU: Hey!
GINTOKI: I wish I had one... A family like yours.
UMIBOZU: Gin...
GINTOKI: How the people who don't have things...usually understand them better than the ones who do.
GINTOKI: So...cherish her... Okay?
SHINPACHI: Let me make this clear. I'm staying at the Odd Jobs for good.
SHINPACHI: You can think of me as family.
GINTOKI: Didn't he say he was quitting?
UMIBOZU: That's the deal. From now on... Daddy will cherish you.
KAGURA: Pappy! Why...
KAGURA: I haven't seen you in a while. Are you well? I'm doing fine.
KAGURA: They are truly strange creatures.
KAGURA: And they have something in common with the Yato. They're all fighting against themselves.
KAGURA: I think if I stay here I can change.
KAGURA: I think I can become a person who doesn't give in to herself.
KAGURA: My dream is to travel through the universe with you...and become the top alien hunter in the galaxy.
 KAGU: (M)I said that's enough!
 KAGU: (M)He's only talking about his crotch. What?!
 KAGU: (M)Do they always talk about their crotches when I'm not around?
OTAE: Good evening!
 KAGU: (M)Big sister!
SHINPACHI: What's Chinese Girl Booster Month? And what's being boosted?
OTAE: Men's fantasies.
GINTOKI: This is not good. I don't want to die young.
HASEGAWA: It's useless to speak to him right now. And don't ask me why.
OTAE: I think this will help us.
 KAGU: (M)Oh? Big sis? No... That's not right... Forget? Are you guys trying to forget about me?
OTAE: {\a6}I swiped...er got it from work.
HASEGAWA: {\a6}Oniyome... I haven't had this for a long time.
OTAE: Sometimes people can only move on by forgetting.
 KAGU: (M)Bad stuff? I'm bad stuff?
 KAGU: (M)Can't you think of anything but your crotch?!
OTAE: Bottoms up!
 KAGU: (M)Old hag! I didn't ask you!
CATHERINE: I always felt she and I were too similar for one show.
 KAGU: (M)No way!
OTAE: I really miss her.
OTAE: I always wanted to have a little sister.
 KAGU: (M)Big sis...
OTAE: Our dad used to yell at me for that.
 KAGU: (M)Listen!
OTAE: ...And yet...
 KAGU: (M)And now you're talking about your father?
 KAGU: (M)Really. That's all you ever want to know about!
HASEGAWA: Ah... There's a urologist across from the cigarette store on 3rd Street.
HASEGAWA: I heard there's a hot doctor working there.
GINTOKI: Really? That'll make my swelling worse.
GINTOKI: Idiot! That's what's fun about it. There're so many things mixed in.
GINTOKI: It's like you're role-playing!
HASEGAWA: A stone is nasty. It really hurts.
HASEGAWA: There's no way you'd be able to think about how beautiful she is. It's that bad.
GINTOKI: Is that right? I heard you feel great once it's out...
HASEGAWA: Well yeah. It was all the way up in there.
GINTOKI: Have YOU experienced it?
HASEGAWA: Well...
 KAGU: (M)What are you guys talking about?!
CATHERINE: I bet she was faking her accent! I bet she can speak perfectly!
CHATHERINE: Oh shi-!
 KAGU: (M)You're the one who's faking!
OTAE: That's no way to speak about the dead!
 KAGU: (M)I told you to listen!
GINTOKI: I wonder what it's like to go to a female doctor. Should I go? I don't know...
 KAGU: (M)Go to hell!
OTOSE: Do you really think the two of you can run the Odd Jobs by yourselves?
GINTOKI: Eh? What? Was the Odd Jobs that famous?
HASEGAWA: This picture looks more like a mail-order bride ad to me.
 KAGU: (M)Um... I can't see...
OTAE: Ayame Sarutobi. She's had a great career.
TAE: She resigned from the Oniwabanshu and became an assassin.
GINTOKI: An assassin?
HASEGAWA: Whoa! A thief! A spy! How'd you get in here?
SACHAN: The bell of Gion temple rings with the impermanence of all things.
SACHAN: [Note: A line from The Tale of the Heike. An epic account of the struggle between the Taira and Minamoto clans for control of Japan.]
SACHAN: Like the flowers in the holy woods of Sara.
SACHAN: The bells say that it is time for a new heroine.
 KAGU: (M)Sachan?!
SACHAN: It's not easy for such shabby men to succeed in this business.
SACHAN: a master and a maid and Pe Hayashiya and Pahko...
SACHAN: [Hayashiya = a husband and wife comedian team in Japan]
 KAGU: (M)I think she's missing the point in some places...
SACHAN: And a cat-eared middle-aged woman is out of the question as well.
SACHAN: And I have no idea about the old woman; is she a man or Orochimaru?
SACHAN: [Note: Orochimaru is an anime character who has a snake-tongue and is voiced by the same actress that does Otose.]
SACHAN: Understand? The future has arrived!
SACHAN: [Note: kunoichi = a female ninja. 91 is a parody of ku (9) ichi (1)]
 KAGU: (M)She's totally messed up.
GINTOKI: This is a team and we all need our own distinct personality.
GINTOKI: And the best way to show your personality is through your looks.
GINTOKI: Make it so anybody can tell who you are just from your silhouette.
 KAGU: (M)He says that like he's the editor of a manga.
SACHAN: I'm an "M" (as in masochist) and you're "S" (as in sadist). We don't need anything else.
 KAGU: (M)Absolutely not!
SACHAN: The triple crown of cute anime girl gimmicks!
CATHERINE: My whole gimmick is being middle-aged and having cute cat ears. It's all good!
 KAGU: (M)That's not very good at all.
OTAE: That's enough! Knock it off you two!
OTAE: How do you think Kagura would feel if she could see you right now?!
 KAGU: (M)What's with the "meow"? Is that her new gimmick?
 KAGU: (M)Is that your idea of a cute new speech pattern?
SACHAN: It doesn't matter if you've got strong character.
CATHERINE: What?!
 KAGU: (M)Don't mix up your lines so much!
SACHAN: What?! The length of time doesn't matter! Quality is more important!
HASEGAWA: Men like us believe a woman has to meet three requirements to become a heroine.
HASEGAWA: Those are...
SHINPACHI: personality.
 KAGU: (M)I don't have any of those.
CATHERINE: Screw you.
HASEGAWA: You two can stay.
GINTOKI: Listen. A heroine needs a good face. But it doesn't just mean a pretty face.
GINTOKI: What I'm trying to say is...
SHINPACHI: It's all about your facial expression!
SHINPACHI: Getting angry when necessary...
SHINPACHI: Having a background filled with flowers at any time...
SHINPACHI: Being able to tear up on cue.
OTSU: Well...
SHINPACHI: Being able to cry when necessary.
OTSU: I'm happy...but it's strange...
GINTOKI: Cry.
SACHAN: Then...
SACHAN: Please use this.
 KAGU: (M)You got it wrong again!
GINTOKI: It's out of the question.
GINTOKI: You try it.
HASEGAWA: Um... Why?
OTAE: [Note: Ora = a fighting taunt used when repeatedly punching someone]
OTAE: Ora ora ora ora!
HASEGAWA: But I think I can...
 KAGU: (M)That's the reason he's a DORK.
GINTOKI: Missed every single one of them...
 KAGU: (M)Why don't you just give up?
HASEGAWA: A heroine's style is very important.
HASEGAWA: [Note: Hasegawa takes the same pose as Gendo from Neon Genesis Evangelion. Both characters were voiced by the same voice actor.]
HASEGAWA: Even dirty old geezers move their eyes up and down and side to side.
HASEGAWA: A heroine has to catch their attention! That's the heroine's big boobs...
HASEGAWA: I mean figure! I mean style!
 KAGU: (M)That's an old man's opinion.
HASEGAWA: So that excludes the monster cat ...
CHATHERINE: What?!
HASEGAWA: Now lets compare the two of you...
HASEGAWA: Bang.
HASEGAWA: Pow.
OTAE: Boooooom!
GINTOKI: You both pass.
GINTOKI: The last thing is... Um... Huh? Was it "personality"?
GINTOKI: Shi-Shinpachi-kun...
KATSURA: What?! You're not going to eat? Don't worry about money. It's on me today.
GINTOKI: Don't you guys dare eat one bite! His face tells me he's plotting something.
GINTOKI: And it says he's going to do something reckless.
KATSURA: No need for groundless suspicions.
GINTOKI: Way too sweet! Like this chocolate that's melting.
KAGURA: Excuse me! Can I have a refill?
KATSURA: I should've been more careful. Elizabeth was always with me.
KATSURA: So I should've known she would attract the attention of the authorities.
KATSURA: He's a villain who takes bribes to satisfy his desires.
KATSURA: Elizabeth's head will definitely roll if I don't do something.
GINTOKI: Can you help turn us into ninja?
GINTOKI: Do all ninja have to say "gozaru" at the end of each phrase?
KATSURA: Not "gozaru." I'm Katsura.
SACHAN: But you can't possibly become a ninja overnight...
SACHAN: -Chan is fine.
SACHAN: See? I've got a call for work...
GINTOKI: Are you insulting us? Stop messing with your phone while you are with a customer!
SACHAN: Hmph. You're awfully firm with me.
SHINPACHI: Why are you blushing? Why?
KATSURA: You don't have connections with the Bakufu anymore. So you can help...
CUSTOMER: Hey! What are you doing?! Hurry up and bring my damn tea!
SACHAN: See ya!
SACHAN: Here's your cake. It's on the house now!
MANAGER: You're fired.
SACHAN: But...! Manager!
MANAGER: I'm over here.
SACHAN: Oh! My glasses...
SACHAN: When did that happen?
GINTOKI: You left your glasses here.
KATSURA: But now that you're free... Let's go.
SHINPACHI: Well... Sachan... I'm sorry...
SACHAN: Ah...I want to be bullied some more.
SHINPACHI: What?! That's disgusting!
SACHAN: First. A ninja must be a shadow.
SACHAN: He does his work so discreetly that no one ever knows he is there.
SHINPACHI: You call this inconspicuous? Look at us! Are we the Go-Rangers?!
SACHAN: Everyone but Gin-san looks the same to me.
SHINPACHI: Why don't we just wear name tags?!
SACHAN: You're so careless... You can't do anything without me.
GINTOKI: You're the careless one!
SHINPACHI: And you still can't see anybody! Put your glasses on!
KATSURA: The leader is supposed to wear red. I want red.
GINTOKI: This will be almost impossible to keep clean while eating curry udon.
GINTOKI: [Note: curry udon = yellow curry on top of noodles]
SHINPACHI: I don't care about curry or curry udon! Why did you even come here?!
PREVIEWSHINPACHI: to sneak into the Magistrate's office where Elizabeth-san is being held.
PREVIEWSHINPACHI: But there're enemies waiting for us!
PREVIEWSHINPACHI: The next episode: "Mom's Busy Too So Quit Complaining About What's for Dinner."
KATSURA: Rouxger!
KAGURA: Rouxger!
GINTOKI: What's a Rouxger?! I've never heard such an absurd word. Do you mean "Roger"?!
SHINPACHI: He's fast!
SACHAN: It's quite something. He's even faster than a real ninja...
SHINPACHI: He spilled his curry!
KATSURA: S-Sorry...Leader... Take care...of the rest...
KAGURA: Curry Ninja!
KAGURA: I'll go!
KAGURA: I shall avenge Curry Ninja.
SHINPACHI: Wow! She's like a ninja! So ninja-like!
GINTOKI: She's ready and willing. She loves this kind of stuff!
SHINPACHI: Wow! She's in the zone!
GINTOKI: Come on! Go ahead and buy it!
SINPACHI: Huh? She's coming back. What happened?
GINTOKI: Huh? Is she crying?
KAGURA: Gin-chan...There was dog poop on the street. I'm all icky!
SACHAN: Don't get so wound-up. I'll give you an "A."
KAGURA: I don't need your sympathy grades!! Damn it!
KAGURA: That's it! I don't care about being the leader anymore!
GINTOKI: It can't be helped. I have to do it...
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: That's gross!
SACHAN: I'm so proud of Gin-san. He's such a gifted thinker.
KAGURA: Are you going easy on him?!
KATSURA: Teacher's pet!
KATSURA: What's "Double Curry?" I didn't come up with this yellow suit!
SACHAN: Let me tell you something. It's not made of yellow cloth.
SACHAN: It's made out of a yellowed white curtain. So it's "Yellowed Ninja."
TRASH COLLECTOR A: Why is there a garbage bin here?
COLLECTOR B: Heck if I know.
SHINPACHI: All right. Then I'm off.
KAGURA: Oh?
KATSURA: Well...
KAGURA: He's quite smooth...
KAGURA: Nobody cares about his existence.
KATSURA: He has a non-presence!
GINTOKI: Come on. I don't care about ninjas or whatever. Anybody can do that as long as they're plain.
 SACH: (M)He really was inside!
GINTOKI: That's stupid. I'm glad I didn't do it that way.
GINTOKI: It's true. Seriously... Why are you all looking at me like that?
TOYAMA: I see...
TOYAMA: Finally Katsura makes his move.
ZENZO: It seems he has gathered a force to free the beast. They'll most likely attack tonight.
TOYAMA: He fell for it... The moth is flying into the flame...
TOYAMA: I'm counting on you... Zenzo Hattori...
GINTOKI: Here we go...
GINTOKI: Forward!
PATROL B: You're saying something like that just to antagonize me.
PATROL A: Seriously... I heard Hattori-san cured his hemorrhoids that way.
PATROL B: That's enough! Katsura might be here on the magistrate's property.
PATROL B: Ah! Hey!
PATROL B: Really... Is this guy really brave or just nuts?
PATROL B: Moon! Please cure my hemorrhoids!
PATROL B: Ah?
GINTOKI: White Ninja! Special technique: Ninja Art: "Undercover Strike"
GINTOKI: It stinks!
PATROL C: I-Intruder!!
PATROL C: The light... I can't see anything.
PATROL A: What's this? It stinks! What's this?
PATROL C: It stinks! I can't take them off! Is this natto?!
GINTOKI: Four-eyed Ninja! Special Technique: Ninja Art: "Without Glasses I Can't See Tomorrow"
PATROL A: Whoa! No!
PATROL C: Am I gonna be like this forever?! No way!
PATROL A/C: Huh? Who are you?
GINTOKI: Holstein Ninja!
PATROL D: Really... Such a beautiful moon tonight...
PATROL E: Let's take care of 'em quick and get back to moon bathing!
KATSURA: I see. Then how about some moony-side-up egg curry!
GINTOKI: Double Curry Ninja Special Technique  Ninja Art: "Throwing Curry In a Hurry"
ZENZO: I see.
ZENZO: They're throwing everything into a state of confusion instead of working out an undercover plan.
ZENZO: It's a very good plan for amateurs. But it won't work against us... Real ninja.
GURADS: Damn it! Where did they go?
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Can you move over more?! My shoulder is sticking out.
KAGURA: It'll get attacked! They'll get my shoulder!!
SACHAN: Humph. I love it when you talk rough...
GINTOKI: You really stink! You smell like natto! Your fingers!
KAGURA: Huh? Where's Yellow Curry Ninja?
KATSURA: I'm not Zura. I'm a pine tree!
KATSURA: Elizabeth!
GINTOKI: Zura! What are you doing?!
KATSURA: White! Everyone! Please stick with me.
GINTOKI: It's your fault they found us!
KAGURA: My curry is going to spill! I'm going to die!
SACHAN: Count on me! This will slow them down!
SACHAN: Maki...
SACHAN: bi...
SACHAN: shi!
PATROL F: Damn it! We can't get any closer with these.
SHINPACHI: Oh! It worked perfectly as a barrier.
SACHAN: Just as I planned. That was Ninja Art Makibishi Circle.
SHINPACHI: You liar! It's stuck in your forehead!
GINTOKI: Take that!
KAGURA: Die!
SHINPACHI: That's totally wrong! That's not how Makibishi are supposed to be used!
OPERATOR: Magistrate!!
TOYAMA: Don't worry about it. There's still...the final room...
GINTOKI: What's this place?
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: That's!
KATSURA: Elizabeth!
SACHAN: No! Don't get any closer...
KATSURA: E-Elizabeth...
ZENZO: That's too bad.
ZENZO: Elizabeth-chan isn't here.
GINTOKI: You are...
SACHAN: Zenzo...
SACHAN: He's a former Oniwabanshu. Zenzo Hattori...
SACHAN: He possessed the most feared ninja techniques in the history of the Oniwabanshu.
ZENZO: I'm a freelancer now and I've been working for the big man here.
ZENZO: I don't care if you're a Go-Ninja or what...
ZENZO: But an amateur ninja can't beat a real ninja.
ZENZO: Even if you are a samurai...
ZENZO: We are...the strongest five.
GOU: Idaten no Gou!
GOU: [Note: Idaten = a devoted guardian]
SHUWA: Bishamonten no Shuwa!
SHUWA: [Note: Bishamonten = the chief of the Four Heavenly Kings]
KAORU: Benzaiten Kaoru!
KAORU: [Note: Benzaiten = the Hindu goddess of wealth and eloquence]
MATSUO: Komokuten Matsuo.
MATSUO: [Note: Komokuten = one of the Four Heavenly Kings]
ZENZO: [Marishiten = the goddess of heaven and light]
ZENZO: We're five are...
TOYAMA: You'll die in front of your beloved Elizabeth-chan.
KATSURA: Elizabeth!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GOU: We're your opponent...
ZENZO: JUMP Samurai!
SACHAN: Gin-san!
ZENZO: I never thought I would meet you in a place like this.
ZANZO: I'm Ha-tto-ri!
GINTOKI: man's face!
GINTOKI: Then...
GINTOKI: There's no reason to fight!
ZENZO: Shut up!
SACHAN: That man is very dangerous...
KAORU: You're the one who needs to be careful.
KAORU: [Note: Osaru-san = monkey girl]
GOU: Humph. I didn't know Katsura was such a weakling.
SHINPACHI: What do we do? I don't think we can win against real ninja.
SHINPACHI: Curry? No! No! Don't say that like it's nothing!
SHINPACHI: What the hell kind of battle cry is that?!
SHINPACHI: Agh!! They've got them too! Has everyone gone insane or is it just me?
KAGURA: Shut up! We won't know that until we try! Don't underestimate our Triple Curry!
GOU: We'll show you the difference between fake and real ninja!
SHINPACHI: Hot! A potato down my back! A potato is dancing on my back!
KAGURA: Hot!
SHINPACHI: They're eating it!
SHINPACHI: Good grief... Our technique was completely outclassed.
GOU: You're more nave than I thought!
KATSURA: You're the ones who are naive.
GOU: What...
GOU: Ugh! My stomach...
KATSUA: Didn't your mommy tell you not to eat food from a stranger?
KATSURA: You dug your own graves by showing off your technique.
KATSURA: Learn common sense before learning ninja techniques.
KATSURA: Leader! What happened?!
GOU: Well... I can overcome this kind of pain.
GOU: The kanji character "Shinobi" also means "to endure". Keep that in mind...
GOU: I'll show you my true ninja technique!
SHINPACHI: You're completely unprotected!
SHUWA: And... Now it's my turn.
SHINPACHI: This scene!
TOYAMA: H-Hey! What are you guys doing?
ZENZO: That's all wrong. The Pegasus Meteor Attack is like this...
GINTOKI: Idiot. It's supposed to look like the Pegasus constellation.
TOYAMA: Hattori! What are you doing? This isn't middle school recess!
HATTORI: [Note: Parody of the pegasasu ryusei ken technique from the JUMP manga/anime Saint Seiya]
GINTOKI: Magistrate! Give him a clear "no" sign! This guy is an idiot! Idiot!
TOYAMA: Is that what you call a fight?!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: We've got to end this quickly!
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan's been struck by the worst blow ever suffered by a heroine!
GINTOKI: I don't care about Elizabeth or if Kagura gets her feet wet.
ZENZO: Everyone's so noisy... It's time for the showdown.
GINTOKI: All right.
GINTOKI: You and I think alike... I wish we'd met under different circumstances.
ZENZO: ...Is that so...
GINTOKI: ...He disappeared?
SACHAN: Gin-san! Look out!
GINTOKI: He's below me... How annoying.
GINTOKI: What's this? Some sort of sweet scent...
GINTOKI: My body...is numb!
KAORU: How do my roses smell?
KAORU: Saru! How can she move?! My technique didn't work?
KAORU: Don't tell me she used the smell of natto to cancel out the scent of my roses?!
SACHAN: Ninja Art!
SACHAN: I will Natto give up!
ZENZO: Die!
ZENZO: JUMP Samurai!
GINTOKI: The one to die...
GINTOKI: is you!
KAORU: Zenzo! Zenzo!
KAORU: You're so mean! Zenzo has hemorrhoids! It stinks!
TOYAMA: Th-This can't be...The Shinobi Five... No way...
SHINPACHI: I hope Kagura-chan makes it in time.
KATSURA: Eli...Elizabeth!
KATSURA: Huh?
ZENZO: I already told you fools.
ZENZO: Elizabeth-chan isn't here. Elizabeth-chan was never here!!
ZENZO: You guys were duped.
GINTOKI: What's going on?
KATSURA: Come to think of it...
GINTOKI: That means she just left the house because of the fight!
SHINPACHI: Gimme a break!! You owe us for all the trouble!
KATSURA: Hello! I have something to ask you.
ELIZABETH JR.: I already know Mom puts on a lot of makeup and goes out with an unknown man to have tasty food.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: The next episode... "Walk Your Dog at an Appropriate Speed."
KAGURA: I think it works...
GINTOKI: Damn dog! That's no way to treat your master!
KAGURA: My turn next.
KAGURA: You! How do you know that?!
SHINPACHI: Guess I have no choice.
SHINPACHI: You're so mean-spirited! How can such a white dog have such a black heart?!
SHINPACHI: And how can one bark mean that much?!
SHINPACHI: Wait!! I'm the butt of a joke again!
KAGURA: This thing is a piece of junk!
KAGURA: It hurts?
SHINPACHI: Maybe it's broken.
GINTOKI: I'm hurting from a hangover.
KAGURA: Help me?
GINTOKI: We're the ones who need help. What're we going to do?
GINTOKI: What's that sound? Somebody eating pocky sticks or something?
PEOPLE: What is that?!
MALE ANNOUNCER: Moving on to our next story...
MALE ANNOUNCER: filed for divorce late last month.
MALE ANNOUNCER: {\a6}And after being married for only three months! She stated a difference in values as the reason.
MONE: Seems she left him after all. I always knew they would break up.
ANE: Don't talk when you haven't even experienced love.
MONE: (Note: A miko is a virginal shrine maiden)
MONE: All miko have to do is be idle and pray.
MONE: Respectable?
ANE: I gave up my life as a miko and decided to live as a hostess bar priestess.
MONE: You haven't given it up. You're using it to your advantage.
ANE: Foolish men flock to me just because of the word "miko."
MALE ANNOUNCER: We have announcer Hanano on the scene. Announcer Hanano?
ANE: Huh? Isn't that...?
HANANO ANNOUNCER: This is Hanano at the scene.
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Excuse me. We're from Edo Tonight...
SHINPACHI: Hey! Get that camera off me!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Um...the entire neighborhood is quite troubled by the giant dog.
HANANO ANNOUNCER: What do you have to say about it?
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry!
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry! I apologize to everyone in the world!
KAGURA: You people again?! Are you that intent on making us the bad guys?
KAGURA: Is this what the mass media does?!
KAGURA: Go away! Go away!
KAGURA: Go home! Get out of here right now!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: We're not leaving. That attitude will just isolate you from your neighbors.
KAGURA: Announcer... Hanano... is having an affair with the show's anchor!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Am not!! Am not!!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Excuse me! I'm from Edo...
HANANO ANNOUNCER: About the...giant dog...
GINTOKI: Huh? What's with the camera?
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Your fly is open! In front!
GINTOKI: In front? Of the camera? Around here?
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Hey! Stop the camera! Stop it!
GINTOKI: ...Oh my god...
GINTOKI: I never thought my fly would be open on national TV.
SHINPACHI: Not there.
OTOSE: What're you going to do? It's become a huge incident.
CATHERINE: The Sad-chan manju aren't selling at all now. Get out.
CATHERINE: [Note: Sad-chan manju are bean jam cakes made in the shape of Sadaharu]
GINTOKI: Who gave you permission to make Sadaharu merchandise?
GINTOKI: Maybe it's time for us to leave. People who can't mind their manners have no right to keep a pet.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
CATHERINE: But abandoning such a huge pet isn't going to be easy.
GINTOKI: Abandon him? Don't be ridiculous.
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: What'd you do that for?! I'll report you to the SPCA!
BYSTANDER B: What "animal"?!
BYSTANDER C: It's a monster! And you're its handler!
KAGURA: Stop it! Sadaharu's bigger than normal...but he's also that much more gentle!
BYSTANDER A: Shut up! Monster lover!
BYSTANDER B: Monster!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: It's no use. He doesn't even hear me!
KAGURA: How did this happen... Gin-chan... What should I do?
 KAGU: (M)Gin-chan!
REPORTERS: How do you intend to take responsibility for this?
SHINPACHI: Move it! We don't have time for this!
CATHERINE: Everyone.
CATHERINE: Please be quiet. I will explain everything at the studio.
SHINPACHI: Damn you! Why're you selling out your friends?
CATHERINE: Look at them! This is what kind of people they are!
ANE: Rock-a-bye-baby...
ANE: Go to sleep...
ANE: You've been good reporters...fall asleep...
GINTOKI: Whoa! What's this? Sadaharu? It's a mini Sadaharu!
ANE: How unusual. Komako never acts friendly towards anyone but us.
ANE: How do you do?
 (: (SE)We are the ones who entrusted that huge dog with you.
 OKITA (VIA MEGAP: (VIA MEGAPHONE)Do you know how fast you're walking that dog? Stop right now!
KAGURA: Does it look like I'm walking my dog?
KAGURA: You're an idiot! A real idiot!
OKITA: Then you leave me no choice. I'll stop you by force.
KAGURA: Don't do it!
OKITA: Bye bye.
KAGURA: You're the one that goes bye-bye!
OKITA: That was close.
KAGURA: What?!
OKITA: You're the sadist.
OKITA: Hijikata-san?
HIJIKATA: Fire!
ANE: The Dog Deity is a servant of the gods...
ANE: [Note: Koryumon = Golden Dragon Gate Ryuketsu = Dragon Hole]
GINTOKI: [Note: a word play on the similarity between Koryumon = golden dragon gate and komon = anus/butt hole]
GINTOKI: You can talk about komon somewhere else.
ANE: No one's talking about such a thing!
ANE: We are the shrine miko who have guarded the Koryumon for generations.
GINTOKI: You dumped your sacred charge because you were broke?
ANE: We had no choice! We were dirt poor!
SHINPACHI: But why did he turn into that all of a sudden?
ANE: [Note: Inugami means Dog God. And Jyushin is a Beast God.]
ANE: But it's hard to believe it was awakened without doing the ceremony.
SHINPACHI: Ceremony?
MONE: A crimson fruit and the blood of a mountain goat shall release the power of Kamiko.
MONE: [Note: Kamiko means "God Child" and is probably Sadaharu's real name.]
GINTOKI: A crimson fruit and blood of a mountain goat?
SHINPACHI: Milk...
GINTOKI: Strawberries...
SHINPACHI: Milk...
KAGURA: Strawberry milk!
KAGURA: I'll give you strawberry milk! So please just calm down!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: The evil giant dog has climbed on top of O-Edo Dome.
HANANO ANNOUNCER: Today's scheduled Aliens versus Yakuza game will be cancelled. The fans are furious.
HIJIKATA: {\a6}You're the one who'll die!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: resulting from the cancellation of today's game.
GINTOKI: This is crazy! We can't have him causing any more damage!
ANE: All the money I saved by working at the hostess club!
ANE: I'm going to lose the house my sugar daddy bought me!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
ANE: you need to buy us some time.
ANE: One minute... One minute is all we need.
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: Don't hurt him... Don't hurt Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Sadaharu is suffering!
GINTOKI: Say you'll help him!
GINTOKI: No one told me about this!
SHINPACHI: Who are those people?! Those sisters are totally self-absorbed!
ANE: Don't talk to us! Now we have to start over from the beginning!
ANE: [Nanmaida is short for Namu Amida Butsu...]
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Sadaharu...
GINTOKI: enough of this!
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Stop!
 GINT: (M)Sadaha...
SHINPACHI: Gi--!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
 GINT: (M)Damn... now I'm seeing things!
GINTOKI: Look out!
GINTOKI: Gin-san!
ANE: Hey! You interrupted the incantation again...
SHINPACHI: Damn you two! We have an emergency!
SHINPACHI: This is no time to play some stupid party game!
ANE: What? What are you trying to say? Don't tell me you can't get that flute out?
ANE: Which is it? "Yes" or "No"?
ANE: I'm asking you which!
SHINPACHI/ANE: There it is!
ANE: Mone.
SHINPACHI: They can run like that?!
ANE: Gross! They look like some new freaky animal!
SHINPACHI: But they're only exchanging carbon dioxide. They're going to suffocate each other!!
ANE: They're barely breathing. They're already barely breathing.
KAGURA: Clench your teeth!
SHINPACHI/ANE: It came out!
GINTOKI: So did my teeth! Why'd you tell me to clench my teeth!
KAGURA: Don't worry about it. They'll grow back.
ANE: Komako!
ANE: Onmakayashabazarasatoba!
ANE: Awaken! Inugami!
SHINPACHI: Tiny! What's with this?! Now it's a runt with a scary face!
ANE: Komako is the Inugami of Protection! She won't be fazed by minor problems!
SHINPACHI: Is that a force field?!
ANE: Now! Quickly!
ANE: Now you all have to play catch with me.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Play catch?!
ANE: This ball is loaded with the power of genriki.
ANE: [Note: Genriki are powers attained through ascetic practices]
ANE: The five-pointed star represents the relationships between
ANE: It's a powerful charm that cleanses calamity from all things in the Universe.
ANE: The one problem is that we'll have to trap him.
SHINPACHI: create a five-pointed star while withstanding his attacks? That's impossible!
SHINPACHI: We're all going to die...
ANE: Okay! Play ball!!
SHINPACHI: Hey! Where're you throwing?!
ANE: You absolutely must not drop it!
SHINPACHI: Now you tell me!
SHINPACHI: I got it!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! I always knew you were a kid who could do it if he tried!
GINTOKI: Make it! Make it!
GINTOKI: Get over there! Over there!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! What're you doing over there?!
ANE: It's no use. I can't get to it!
ANE: She kicked it!
ANE: It's heading to the fifth player!
GINTOKI: Was I?
ANE: Nobody's there!
ANE: Mone?!
ANE: You can't! There's no way you can handle such a mean fastball! Get out of the way!
MONE: Big sister... We can't quit now. We have to finish this.
MONE: We're the ones who let that puppy become a monster.
MONE: But these people never abandoned him no matter what he turned into.
MONE: They cared for and protected him as a member of their family.
MONE: That's why I won't run away anymore!
MONE: I will accept all my responsibilities in these hands.
MONE: I will accept that puppy with these hands...
ANE: And it still hits you in the face!
KAGURA: Ack... The ball...
SHINPACHI: It's hopeless!
ANE: It's no use. There's no time!
GINTOKI: You did well.
GINTOKI: Leave the rest to me.
GINTOKI: Sadaharu!
GINTOKI: Snap out of it!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: What is that?
HANANO ANNOUNCER: A strange light emanating from the ground...
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!!
ANE: Ahh...seeing her cry so happily.
MONE: They really are a family.
ANE: Although... it's probably over now.
ANE: There's no way they'll let him stay after this happened.
MONE: Big Sister... Do we have any right to say anything after what happened?
ANE: I know. I'm not such a shameless woman...
GINTOKI: Stupid show. Why did they pixellate the faces?
GINTOKI: You still haven't thrown away this piece of junk?
GINTOKI: Coming.
GINTOKI: The poop bags. Inconsiderate owners...
GINTOKI: have no right to keep a pet.
GINTOKI: Don't bark at me.
GINTOKI: You sure caused us a lot of trouble.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Adults Only. We Wouldn't Want Anyone Immature in Here."
ANE: Coming.
HOSTESS A: Is it Mr. Kikuya again? That lech really likes you.
ANE: They're really stupid. They get so worked up just because I'm a miko.
ANE: If they only knew that being a woman meant spending you life battling through piles of crap.
ANE: What the hell are you doing?!
ANE: I'm the one who's startled! What're you doing to my customer?!
ANE: You know damn well it isn't!
OTAE: It's my way of welcoming a customer.
ANE: that doesn't mean you can treat anyone else that way!
ORYO: He keeps trying to turn this place into an all-you-can-grope buffet.
ANE: Your butt?
ANE: What's the big deal about getting your butt groped?
ANE: Do you know why there are two halves to your butt?
ANE: It's so that you won't mind if someone touches one half.
ANE: Everyone knows that you're supposed to turn the other cheek!
OTAE: Ridiculous! Our butt cheeks are vestiges of when we were all angels. They were once wings.
ORYO: Now that's ridiculous!
ANE: What's with that? You being romantic? Like we were some kind of magic girl?
KIKUYA: Yeah! Boobs used to be wings!
OTAE: They were missiles.
ANE: Just what do you think humans used to be?
PROPRIETOR: This isn't the place for enjoying sadistic shows.
PROPRIETOR: You two make me so mad...
PROPRIETOR: but I think you've gone too far with the stick.
PROPRIETOR: but your methods are a bit unscrupulous.
PROPRIETOR: Ive received many complaints from customers
PROPRIETOR: that you dumped them after theyd given you every cent in their wallets.
ANE: I havent dumped them. I recycle the men who can save up enough money to crawl back to me.
PROPRIETOR: I never heard of such a nasty recycling that was so harsh on the Earth.
PROPRIETOR: but this business is not going to survive with two nuclear warheads here at the same time.
PROPRIETOR: The one wholl remain is
 ANE : (M)He cant be serious.
 ANE : (M)At a time when Im already struggling to make a living and have to work even harder.
 ANE : (M)Damn that hateful woman.
 ANE : (M)Who knows how many of my customers have been her victim.
 ANE : (M)Shes never sold as many drinks as I have. And yet everyone adores her.
 ANE : (M)Ive never liked that about her.
 ANE : (M)This is the perfect chance to drive her out of the bar!
OTAE: Ane-chan.
OTAE: Ive gotten out of hand. Im sorry. It seems I got us into it this whole mess.
ANE: Im not blaming you. Lets both try our best tomorrow.
 ANE : (M)Im not letting you give me a false sense of security.
OTAE: About our contest Ill forfeit.
OTAE: I heard from everyone.
OTAE: Hang in there. Im rooting for you.
ANE: What just happened?
 ANE : (M)That caught me totally off guard. That woman doesnt make any sense. But
 ANE : (M)I think I understand why everyone likes her so much.
CLERK: Welcome. Two?
HASEGAWA: This the place? Youre sure this is the right place?
ANE: Youre from the Odd Jobs!
ANE: Whore you calling a hussy? Whatre you doing here?!
GINTOKI: Huh? I know someone here.
GINTOKI: Call Otae-chan.
ANE: O!
 ANE : (M)That bitch! She called her customers here!
HASEGAWA: Its been so long time since Ive been in a place like this.
 OTAE: (M)Ane-chan says shes really struggling to pay back what she borrowed.
 OTAE: (M)Icant compete with Ane-chan.
 OTAE: (M)Or so I want you to believe.
 OTAE: (M)I couldnt care less what happens to you. I have my own oath to restore my fathers dojo.
 ANE : (M)She tricked me! How could I have missed that?!
 ANE : (M)That bitch!
GINTOKI: This is from I want to be an animator and draw Gin Tama.
GINTOKI: The key is the four cowlicks.
GINTOKI: First draw what you think is a ordinary guy. Make it lack as much personality as possible.
GINTOKI: All the characters are based on Shinpachi.
 ANE : (M)She tricked me! How could I have missed that?!
 ANE : (M)That bitch!
 ANE : (M)Shit.
 ANE : (M)Its still not too late.
GINTOKI: So what do we do now? Can I touch your butt?
GINTOKI: Just kidding. Id be better off kneading dough than grabbing your flat behind.
OTAE: Oh? Youre so turned on your nose is bleeding.
GINTOKI: Incredible. Shes already forgotten what happened two frames ago.
OTAE: Such a fun customer you are. Would you like a drink?
OTAE: We have Dom-Peri andDom-Peri and Dom-Peri and Dom-Peri.
OTAE: [Note: Dom-Peri is Japanese for Dom Perignon]
GINTOKI: Shochu and water.
OTAE: You got it.
HASEGAWA: Dom-Peri? Brings back memories of when I worked for the Bakufu and theyd serve it at elite events.
HASEGAWA: Well be fine with something cheaper. Like beer.
GINTOKI/HASEGAWA: Its all Dom-Peri!
 GINTOKI (: (SOFTLY)Theyre ripping us off. No doubt about it. This is a rip-off joint!
 HASEGAWA : (SOFTLY)Thats ridiculous. Otae-chan wouldnt do a thing like that.
 GINTOKI (: (SOFTLY)Then whats a Dom-Peri mixed with Dom-Peri?
 GINTOKI (: (SOFTLY)I cant understand that. I dont understand all this Dom-Peri or my own thoughts.
OTAE: Gin-san.
OTAE: You and I havent had Dom-Peri in a while.
GINTOKI: Dom? Is that like beating a drum? What? When did we ever have Dom Perignon?
ORYO: would go well with Dom-Peri.
HASEGAWA: Peri?!
HASEGAWA: Thats odd! Youre odd! Are my shades the only thing you can compliment?!
ORYO/OTAE: Dom-Peri! Dom-Peri!
GINTOKI: Subliminal advertising!
GINTOKI: Theyre manipulating our subconscious minds! Cover your ears! Dont let them sway you!
OTAE: Excuse me. Five Dom-Peri please!
HOSTESSES: Its Big Daddy Matsudaira!
MATSUDAIRA: Its all right. It was just a meeting.
MATSUDAIRA: Not like Edos going to be destroyed or anything.
ANE: Oh you make me so happy!
ORYO: Thats Big Daddy Matsudaira!
 GINTOKI : (BORED)Really?
ORYO: Otae! That man is famous for the outrageously extravagant way he parties.
ANE: Daddy. I havent had Dom-Peri in a while.
WAITER: Ill serve it right away.
GINTOKI: What a waste! Its spilling over.
OTAE: Its like at a host club.
HOSTESSES: Cheers!
GINTOKI: What? You want to beat him?
HASEGAWA: Thats not what this battle is about. She doesnt want such a lame victory.
 ANE : (M)Did you see that? This is the difference between you and I.
ORYO: Is it okay to let her get on that kind of a roll?
KONDO: Bring 10 bottles of Dom Perignon.
ORYO: Kondo-san!
WAITER: We have an order for 10 Dom-Peri!
HOSTESSES: Awesome!
ANE: What?!
KONDO: I heard whats going on from the hostesses.
KONDO: Ive been saving up my savings passbook as a joint account for when were married.
OTAE: Gorilla-san.
KONDO: Dont call me G-Gorilla It doesnt match this scene.
OTAE: OkayGo-rilla-san.
KONDO: Same thing.
MATSUDAIRA: Kondo!
MATSUDAIRA: Youre a hundred years too early to try and outshine me in Kabukicho!
MATSUDAIRA: Dont be ridiculous! I wont allow even the Shogun to take away what I live for! 15 Dom-Peri!
OTAE: Excuse me. Another round of Dom-Peri with this.
KONDO: You mean you already ordered? Thats my wallet! Nobody said youre so cool!
KONDO: All you did was change the spelling!
KONDO: Why are you drinking when youre not even part of the staff?
GINTOKI: Dont worry about the details!
HASEGAWA: Dont!
KONDO: I do!
OTAE: More Dom-Peri!
HOSTESSES: This is a record!
MATSUDAIRA: Another round of Dom-Peri!
KONDO: Another Dom-Peri!
MATSUDAIRA: Keep the Dom-Peri coming!
KONDO: More and more Dom-Peri!
HOSTESSES: Its neck to neck!
MATSUDAIRA: You never ordered Dom Perignon on your own so you didnt know!
MATSUDAIRA: Its staggeringly expensive! It really is. Its expensive!
MATSUDAIRA: A few dozen glasses of it can wipe out your savings!
KONDO: Otae-san
OTAE: Now all you have to do is sell this and thatll be enough
OTAE: Soul? You can just buy a new one.
OTAE: Lets see some big money!
GINTOKI: Shes right. Shes right.
HASEGAWA: What? You said you bought it from a wizard.
GINTOKI: I lied!
HASEGAWA: Thats awful.
OTAE: You sell your shades.
HASEGAWA: What
OTAE: And buy me a drink!
OTAE: Get going!
GINTOKI: Thats what you get for trying to act cool when youre dirt broke!
MATSUDAIRA: Thats why I said you punks are a hundred years too young to be playing at night.
MATSUDAIRA: Kids who dont know when to quit cant survive in this town.
ANE: Whatre you talking about?
ANE: Hurry and make a withdrawal. Or Ill tell your wife everything.
ANE: That was a great match.
HASEGAWA: Dont try to trick me. Thats not going to settle anything!
GINTOKI: The next episode Do Cherries Come from Cherry Trees?
GINTOKI: Hurry and come here!
GINTOKI: What?! How do you know?
GINTOKI: How do you know? Why won't you save me even though you know?
KAGURA: Kanashibari? What is kanashibari?
SHINPACHI: It's a very convenient state for the animators.
KAGURA: Convenient?
SHINPACHI: so they were talking about creating a 30-minute "Gin-san Meets Ghost Paralysis" episode.
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: You can't do that!
GINTOKI: Buekushon!
SHINPACHI: Hakushon!
KAGURA: Michael Jackson!
KAGURA: Maeda Taison!
KAGURA: [Note: A possible word play on Mike Tyson]
SHINPACHI: Cut it out! Sneeze normally!
SHINPACHI: It's so irritating.
SHINPACHI: The pollen this year is worse than normal.
SHINPACHI: Everyone on the street is sniffling and suffering from the pollen. I wonder why.
GINTOKI: Seems it's not cedar pollen.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Stick to the topic!
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Fiction!
SHINPACHI: Don't worry about unnecessary things! It's too late!
GINTOKI: I heard the old hag closed the shop and crawled into bed.
SHINPACHI: Otose-san? The Otose? You'd think she'd just sprinkle the pollen on her rice for flavor. The Otose?!
GINTOKI: I know how you feel. I heard it's that bad.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Were you even listening?
GINTOKI: Doesn't seem like inside or outside makes any difference. Where is this pollen coming from?
GINTOKI: It might be coming from someplace close by. But there aren't many plants in Kabukicho...
GINTOKI: Huh? No way.
GINTOKI: Way.
SHINPACHI: You're crazy. Ordering me around like that!
KAGURA: Just get it. Greeting guests is all you're good for.
SHINPACHI: You make me so mad! You're a champion at that! Bitch!
SHINPACHI: So brazen!
HEDORO: How do you do? I just moved in next door behind your house.
HEDORO: The name's Hedoro.
HEDORO: Hedoro.
HEDORO: I've come today to introduce myself.
HEDORO: I run a flower shop. Please accept this as token of my goodwill.
HEDORO: but please be good to me.
SHINPACHI: Scary!
GINTOKI: Scary! What was that?! Our neighbor Hedoro. Freaky scary!
GINTOKI: [Note: A play on "My Neighbor Totoro"]
SHINPACHI: What's with that? He's releasing all kinds of pollen into the air.
KAGURA: But he said he was a florist.
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous!
GINTOKI: He intends to conquer Earth after weakening the people with pollen.
KAGURA: Seriously?
SHINPACHI: didn't he leave a potted flower. There...
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! Come here quickly! It's going to explode!
SHINPACHI: What? It's gonna explode?!
SHINPACHI: What? Poison gas?!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! I can't just leave him in there!!
GINTOKI: He's a flower in a storm.
SHINPACHI: Life is all about farewells.
CATHERINE: Neighborhood Notebook.
GINTOKI: This is no time to be circulating the Neighborhood Notebook!
GINTOKI: Earth's about to be taken over!
CATHERINE: Huh? Did your snot infect your brains? Idiots.
SHINPACHI: Next house on the list is our neighbor Hedoro-san!
GINTOKI: You're kidding...
SHINPACHI: He really is a florist.
GINTOKI: Who'd come to buy from him? Such a scary shop.
KAGURA: But he seems to be having so much fun.
KAGURA: He doesn't look at all like he's here to conquer Earth.
GINTOKI: Of course he's happy.
GINTOKI: He's growing devil flowers that will be the vanguard troops to conquer Earth.
GINTOKI: Rock!
KAGURA: Paper!
GINTOKI/KAGURA/SHINPACHI: Scissors!
KAGURA: No way! It's me?
GINTOKI: You don't have to hand it to him personally.
GINTOKI: You don't have to do anything dangerous. Act like Passerby A and leave it as you walk by.
SHINPACHI: W-Wait a minute!
SHINPACHI: Everyone's too scared to walk around. Passerby A will clearly stand out big time.
GINTOKI: Don't sweat it. There'll be passersby.
KAGURA: Chan.
KAGURA: [Note: This is a parody of the manga "Kozure O-Kami" ]
KAGURA: Chan.
KAGURA: Chan.
 SHIN: (M)There are no such passersby B and C!
 SHIN: (M)Oh crap! Hedoro's watching. Hedoro's looking right at them!
 SHIN: (M)B! C! They're being watched! B! C!
GINTOKI: What hard luck I've had.
KAGURA: Chan.
GINTOKI: This is all he can say.
KAGURA: Chan.
GINTOKI: It can't be helped. But what will I do if he doesn't learn more words? For example...
KAGURA: Chan. Chan chanko chan. Let me chan.
KAGURA: [Note: Chan-chan-ko is like a padded vest.]
GINTOKI: What? What? Say that again?
GINTOKI: Life won't be easy like this.
GINTOKI: What should I do?
KAGURA: [Note: This is a spoof of Lone Wolf and Cub.]
KAGURA: Mother had often told Father:
KAGURA: [Note: Chanto means "work like you're supposed to"]
KAGURA: You need to chanto! Our budget is really tight.
KAGURA: That's what "Chan" meant.
KAGURA: It had nothing to do with Daijiro loving Father or anything like that.
KAGURA: Chan.
 SHIN: (M)We don't need any of that superfluous storyline!
 SHIN: (M)Huh? Is Hedoro crying?!
SHINPACHI: Here's the Neighborhood Notebook!
SHINPACHI: He's sharpening his knife. It's like a Japanese fairy tale.
HEDORO: just to bring the Neighborhood Notebook.
HEDORO: Please make yourselves at home. I'll prepare something to snack on.
 GINT: (M)He's going to snack on us!
 GINT: (M)He's definitely going to snack on us!
SHINPACHI: Uh...I'm sorry about earlier.
HEDORO: I hope nothing bad happens.
 SHIN: (M)He's about to do something evil.
 GINT: (M)He's about to bring us bad luck.
GINTOKI: Uh...Hedoro-sama? I mean Duke Hedoro.
HEDORO: What?
HEDORO: Why didn't you say so sooner?
 GINT: (M)He plans on coming with us!
 KAGU: (M)He plans to follow us to the depths of hell and put us in critical condition.
 SHIN: (M)He's planning to put us in critical condition.
HEDORO: What? Is that so? And just when I thought I'd bring some of my flowers as a get-well gift.
HEDORO: I grew these flowers with my heart and soul.
HEDORO: I'm sure they'll lead your father to the land of Perfect Bliss.
 SHIN: (M)Lead him to?
GINTOKI: He's leading us to the land of Perfect Bliss!
HEDORO: It's all right. I'm fully aware of it! Especially because of the way I look...
HEDORO: I've always wished I could be a flower.
HEDORO: People always feared me because of the way I look.
HEDORO: So I thought I'd make at least my heart as nice as a flower.
HEDORO: That's why I want to be as close as possible to flowers.
 GINT: (M)We're absolutely frightened of you.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san... Do you think maybe Hedoro-san is actually a nice person?
GINTOKI: No. The "Gap Rule" applies.
KAGURA: Gap Rule?
GINTOKI: When someone with a ducktail hairstyle
GINTOKI: That's the "Gap Rule".
GINTOKI: Wrong! He looks nothing if not hungry! Tonight's dinner is meow-burger.
GINTOKI: You guys are too easily fooled when his appearance doesn't match his actions.
GINTOKI: You can't trust a book by its cover is what stupid people say. First impressions...
GINTOKI: are what you need to believe! Be inspired. Feel with imagination!
KAGURA: Uh...lots of hot rice?
GINTOKI: Wrong! This is where we have a problem!
HEDORO: Oh! I think it's just about ready.
GINTOKI: Did you see it? Could you see it? What our future looks like?
GINTOKI: It's pitch black. No headlights or anything!
HEDORO: Forgive me for keeping you waiting. I'm not very good at this.
HEDORO: Feel free to lie down. Make yourselves at home.
 SHIN: (M)Hey!
KAGURA: Is this like what happens the day before a test?
GINTOKI: We have no time to lose.
GINTOKI: I'll create a diversion to draw his attention! You run like hell!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Look at that.
SHINPACHI: That's...
SHINPACHI: JUMP...used to keep his fridge level?
GINTOKI: JUMP stirs the dreams and adventurous spirit of all men.
GINTOKI: is evil!
SHINPACHI: What kind of reasoning is that?!
HEDORO: That was close...
HEDORO: You were just about to step on a ladybug. Killing is wrong.
HEDORO: You nearly knocked over these daisies.
HEDORO: Killing is wrong.
GINTOKI: Give me inner strength...
GINTOKI: Inner strength...
GINTOKI: Hedoro!
GINTOKI: We're not letting you
GINTOKI: take over the Earth!
SHINPACHI: All I can think of is sacrificing you so I can survive.
KAGURA: Out of my way!
KAGURA: I can't worry about others when my life hangs in the balance!
SHINPACHI: That's totally cruel!
KAGURA: He's coming! He's coming!
GINTOKI: No!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san? What about the Earth?! Weren't you going to protect Earth?
GINTOKI: My life before Earth!
SHINPACHI: What's with that?!
SHINPACHI: What's with this house?! Where's the exit?
KAGURA: It's a trap. The house itself is a trap!
GINTOKI: There! Over there!
SHINPACHI: Ow ow...
SHINPACHI: O-Over there...
GINTOKI: An altar!
KAGURA: No! I don't want to die yet!
SHINPACHI: But why is there an altar here?
GINTOKI: Idiot! It's obvious.
GINTOKI: It's to make a pact with the Devil and achieve eternal life.
KAGURA: That's right. Eternal leaf...
HEDORO: That's odd. I thought I heard something around here.
HEDORO: Maybe I was wrong. I have to find them quickly.
HEDORO: So they weren't here...
HEDORO: I found you!
GINTOKI: Run!
SHINPACHI: No! I don't want to die a virgin!
SHINPACHI: What?! Don't decide that by yourself!
GINTOKI: We'll live your share for you!
SHINPACHI: You're saying the same thing!
SHINPACHI: Wait!
SHINPACHI: He's coming! Climbing up!
GINTOKI: Then go down!
KAGURA: By yourself!
SHINPACHI: Are you people demons?!
GINTOKI: That's the demon!
HEDORO: Please wait!
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: The demon!
GINTOKI: Look there! A way out!
SHINPACHI: What's this?!
GINTOKI: Were we this high up?
HEDORO: Sakata-san.
HEDORO: I finally caught up with you.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi. Kagura. It's been nice knowing you...
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
KAGURA: Gin-chan...
SHINPACHI: Let's protect the city of Edo...and the Earth.
KAGURA: Yes. That's the one last thing we can do.
GINTOKI: Let's go!
KAGURA: Okay!
HEDORO: I'm glad... Are you all okay?
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Yes.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Thank you very much.
 SHIN: (N)If there was one thing that did change...
GINTOKI: Fekkushon!
SHINPACHI: Hakkushon!
KAGURA: Magic Johnson!
GINTOKI: Hakkushon!
SHINPACHI: Hakkushon!
KAGURA: Setouchi Jackson!
KAGURA: [Note: A character in the series "Cromartie High School"]
GINTOKI: Edith Hanson!
GINTOKI: [Note: An American personality on Japanese television]
KAGURA: Ben Johnson!
HIJIKATA: I feel horrible.
THIRD SON: Huh? I don't know.
HIJIKATA: Don't you know that a sophisticated palate
HIJIKATA: requires contrasting flavors to bring out a dish's distinctions?
HIJIKATA: Adding salt or tartness brings out the original flavor.
THIRD SON: No...stop asking me. I'm not part of this.
GINTOKI: Don't compare my red bean jam rice to your dog food.
GINTOKI: who was too lazy to eat dinner and dessert separately.
THIRD SON: Who? Wouldn't Sandwich Shogun have invented sandwiches?
THIRD SON: That's rice.
HIJIKATA: of eating rice and mayonnaise separately and created...
THIRD SON: Who the hell are these people?!
THIRD SON: And mayonnaise isn't a necessary food to have with every meal.
GINTOKI: Uji Gintoki Bowl or your dog food special?
THIRD SON: Hold it! It's not all right! What is this?! Why should I have to eat it?!
GINTOKI: We need an objective opinion. That's why it has to be done by a complete stranger.
THIRD SON: Right buddy?! You make it sound like its my name...
HIJIKATA: Right buddy!
PROPRIETOR: Thank you very much.
ELDEST SON: No idea.
ELDEST SON: It's your turn. Don't blow it.
 HIJI: (M)I feel awful.
 HIJI: (M)Why'd I have to run into him of all people on my day off.
HIJIKATA: It's for kids... I don't feel like watching it.
GIRL: She's crying by herself somewhere.
PEDRO: You try calling the cops?
PEDRO: They cut my phone off.
PEDRO: You're just like all the rest.
HIJIKATA: It's really getting to me...
 SECO: (M)Is he seriously crying over this?
 SECO: (M)Right from behind.
 SECO: (M)One stab.
GINTOKI: Hey. You there!
HIJIKATA: Sorry. Seems Pedro and that girl are about to...
HIJIKATA: You again! What's with you?!
HIJIKATA: Showing up everywhere I go!
HIJIKATA: Idiot!
HIJIKATA: I wondered who the annoying guy munching on popcorn behind me was!
HIJIKATA: Get out! Get out right now!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: I was just trying to get some popcorn out from between my teeth!
HIJIKATA: That's what happens when a samurai eats such frivolous foods.
GINTOKI: I don't want to hear that from a mayo samurai!
GINTOKI: How do you set that slicked-down hair of yours?!
GINTOKI: With mayonnaise or something?!
HIJIKATA: Step outside! What offering do you want me to put by your gravestone?
HIJIKATA: Red beans? Popcorn?
GINTOKI: What?!
SECOND SON: Ow ow ow ow. That hurts!
MOVIEGOER B: You're bothering people!
GINTOKI: What's the matter with you losers?
GINTOKI: Watching this crappy movie in the middle of the day.
GINTOKI: That's what this guy in the sedge hat said.
SECOND SON: Huh?!
HIJIKATA: I'm pissed. Come up here and fight! He said that too.
SECOND SON: Wait! Why would I...?!
MOVIEGOER C: Fine! Let's do this!
MOVIEGOER C: Get him!
SECOND SON: Ow ow ow! Just a minute!
 SECO: (M)Now's my chance. If I can use the confusion to...
 SECO: (M)...finish him...
HEDERO: Everyone.
HEDERO: Let's just quietly watch the movie.
GINTOKI: This movie makes me cry.
ELDEST SON: Damn Hijikata and that silver-haired guy.
ELDEST SON: I'll get them for sure next time.
ELDEST SON: I will avenge my younger brothers.
 HIJI: (M)Why do I have to be so exhausted on my day off?
 HIJI: (M)I feel like taking a hot bath and a nap in a massage chair.
 HIJI: (M)But I won't be tricked again.
 HIJI: (M)The fact that I'm thinking this now means he's probably thinking the same thing.
 HIJI: (M)So I should say the opposite and go where he doesn't want to go...
 HIJI: (M)so I have to use reverse psychology and head straight for the Spa Land.
HIJIKATA: I'll do the opposite of the opposite!
GINTOKI: so I'll be true to myself and...
HIJIKATA: Dammit. Only the "composition" part matched.
GINTOKI: It must be some kind of destiny that we keep meeting like this.
GINTOKI: Now get outta here.
HIJIKATA: Why do I have to take directions from you?
GINTOKI: so it'd be best if we didn't meet at all.
GINTOKI: It's a very mature idea.
HIJIKATA: So you should be the one to leave.
GINTOKI: Now I can't leave!
HIJIKATA: Shut up! You're a brat!
GINTOKI: Let me make this clear: I'm not leaving until you do.
HIJIKATA: Who're you kidding! I'm not leaving either.
 ELDE: (M)Their stupidity is so alike.
 ELDE: (M)You can both keep on arguing in here.
GINTOKI: {\a6}Never mind. Just get out.
HIJIKATA: {\a6}You get out!
ELDEST SON: Waste away.
ELDEST SON: I'll just put this here.
 ELDE: (M)Until you shrivel up.
HIJIKATA: You're covered with sweat.
HIJIKATA: You'll collapse from dehydration.
GINTOKI: I'm not so weak.
GINTOKI: Your smile's twitching.
HIJIKATA: I can see right through you.
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous.
GINTOKI: I love saunas.
GINTOKI: I love to steam.
GINTOKI: I get carried away.
GINTOKI: Shall I raise the temperature in here?
 ELDE: (M)What?! He raised the temperature even higher.
HIJIKATA: Not enough. Pour the entire bucket in.
 ELDE: (M)Those fools!
GINTOKI: {\a6}What an adrenaline rush.
GINTOKI: {\a6}Nothing like risking your life!
GINTOKI: Don't force yourself.
GINTOKI: Aren't you just about unconscious yet?
 ELDE: (M)Hey! Who does he think he's talking to?!
 ELDE: (M)Who're you talking to?!
HIJIKATA: Looks like you've reached your limit.
 ELDE: (M)That's not a cigarette!
HIJIKATA: What? What is it with you?
HIJIKATA: You plan on dying here?
HIJIKATA: Because of your stupid stubbornness?
GINTOKI: Even a guy like you has a lot of people who would mourn your death!
GINTOKI: You're an idiot!
GINTOKI: Please. I'll give you 300 yen.
HIJIKATA: Who'd give up for 300 yen?!
 ELDE: (M)They are such fools.
 ELDE: (M)We samurai of the Anti-Alien Faction risk our lives for our country.
 ELDE: (M)These men who can put their lives on the line for something this silly... Is it any different?
GINTOKI: Hey...
GINTOKI: I give up. Looks like this match...
GINTOKI: is yours.
HIJIKATA: Hey!
GINTOKI: Bye-Bye.
HIJIKATA: You...
HIJIKATA: That's too much work for me.
HIJIKATA: Go tell them yourself.
 ELDE: (M)I can't do it. I can't kill such courageous men...
ELDEST SON: Hey!
GINTOKI: Just kidding! Sucker!
GINTOKI: What?!
HIJIKATA: I told you-I can read you like a book!
GINTOKI: Owwww...
GINTOKI: What?
HIJIKATA: Who is this guy?
YOT-CHAN: I kicked...
YOT-CHAN: the can!
SHIN-CHAN: Yot-chan!
KEN-CHAN: The rule is no kicking if one of us is within one meter of the can!
KAGURA: Never heard of such a wimpy rule.
YOT-CHAN: Forget it! She doesn't know how to hold back!
KEN-CHAN: You go way too far for kick the can. Stupid!
YOT-CHAN: We won't play with you anymore. Stupid. Stupid.
KAGURA: Hmph.
MASTER: Well said. That's exactly right.
MASTER: Everything in the world is just one big game.
KAGURA: Gin-chan says I shouldn't play with strange men I don't know.
KAGURA: No. All men are scum.
MASTER: I like you even more now.
SHINPACHI: Isn't that Kagura-chan?
HATTORI: He suddenly collapsed two nights ago.
HATTORI: Yes. Thank you very much.
HATTORI: This is such a drag.
GINTOKI: Kick the can?
KAGURA: Yeah. The old man wants us all to play together. Let's do it.
GINTOKI: What're you saying?
GINTOKI: You're a fool. Do you want to get kidnapped?
GINTOKI: Quiet. Men are all scum.
GINTOKI: In times of pain... In such times... You can rely on a granny. In other words...
GINTOKI: You need a strategy to knock it over without being detected.
GINTOKI: With that in mind...
GINTOKI: Get ready to fire.
GINTOKI: It's kick the can in its purest form.
GINTOKI: Remember your childhood days.
GINTOKI: Remember when you were the kid who cried
GINTOKI: because the hostages he caught were freed when the wind blew over the can.
SHINPACHI: You can't do that. That was just an act of nature!
KAGURA: You're too soft!
KAGURA: The whole joy of kick the can is to knock the can over by any means necessary
KAGURA: and then enjoy watching "It" cry in despair!
KAGURA: and how many times I cried as I pretended to count to 100 while everyone hid.
KAGURA: It's a game of triumph and tears...
KAGURA: That's kick the can!
SHINPACHI: Pure murder!
GINTOKI: Chihuahua! Who ordered you to hit the old man?
SHINPACHI: This isn't fantasyland!!
SHINPACHI: You've killed him!!
GINTOKI: Wait a minute!
MASTER: Up we go.
GINTOKI: He got up like nothing happened!
KAGURA: Tsk!
SHINPACHI: You're not playing kick the can anymore!
SHINPACHI: He's guarding the can with his cane!
KAGURA: Tsk.
GINTOKI: How is he moving like that?
MASTER: I see you. There you are.
GINTOKI: Yikes! A kunai!
GINTOKI: Wh...Who is he?
SACHAN: What? Kick the can?
KAORU: We played it a lot in Master's class.
SACHAN: Oh that. We did.
SACHAN: Now that you mention it. It was fun.
SACHAN: I thought tonight was the crucial night and came straight over.
KAORU: I think he had more fun than we did.
KAORU: He really was like a big kid.
KAORU: I'm sure that's why all the kids loved him.
HATTORI: What're you all of you talking about?
MASTER: You're wasting your time!
MASTER: Did you think you could beat me with your legs?
SHINPACHI: You fell for my trap.
SHINPACHI: A classic error in kick the can... over-pursuing one target!
MASTER: Dang...
GINTOKI: That can is wide open!
GINTOKI: Scraped my head! My head's been grated!!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Here!
GINTOKI: Over my dead body!
MASTER: I stepped on the can.
HATTORI: Uh... My father loved playing kick the can.
HATTORI: When I was little we often played it together.
HATTORI: What a wonderful father he was to me.
HATTORI: He always seemed happy.
HATTORI: but... it's not so easy to maintain a kid-like spirit
HATTORI: where you can enjoy everything.
HATTORI: That bastard sold all my JUMP to a used book store
HATTORI: and bought a shit-load of porno DVDs!
HATTORI: That makes me so angry!
HATTORI: please play kick the can with him.
SACHAN: Huh?
HATTORI: What is it?
SACHAN: I thought I just saw him smile a little.
HATTORI: What're you talking about? He's always had a smile.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Life Without Gambling Is Like Sushi Without Wasabi!"
HASEGAWA: Akuryotaisan! Youmakoufuku!
HASEGAWA: [Note: These are all spells to cast off evil. Akuryou taisan = evil scatter/release; is a common charm from Shinto temples. Youma koufuku = phantom scatter.]
KANBEI: Look at you clowns. You either have it or you don't.
KANBEI: And you call yourselves gamblers.
GINTOKI: Huh? These are...the clothes they won off us!
GINTOKI: Who are you?
KANBEI: Luck's not a snack your grandma gives you.
OBSERVER A: He's amazing! He's been raking it in for a while now. Who is he?!
OBSERVER C: Luck reader?
OBSERVER B: The unbeatable gambler with amazing luck.
OBSERVER B: A legend among gamblers! They say he can read how his luck's gonna run.
OBSERVER B: He can change all odds in his favor... He's every gambler's idol.
OBSERVER B: I heard he disappeared from Edo for a while.
OBSERVER B: But I never thought I'd get to see him in person!
GINTOKI: She's probably not interested in married guys.
HASEGAWA: Hatsu went back to her hometown and hasn't come back.
HASEGAWA: You'd think she could forgive me for a one-night stand.
DICE ROLLER: Odds or evens?
GINTOKI/HASEGAWA: Evens!
GINTOKI: Huh? What's wrong? Not wild enough maybe?
GINTOKI: Can't I get more into the mood of "I don't give a damn"?
KANBEI: What're you morons doing?!
KANBEI: And after everything I went through to get your clothes back!!
KANBEI: Are you stupid? Go home already! You're not suited to gambling!
HASEGAWA: You did it on your own. I don't remember asking you!
GINTOKI: Or what? Could it be the trick to winning Lady Luck is to look shallow but be secretly generous?
GINTOKI: You're so full of it. But you better watch your health.
KANBEI: I'm not forcing myself to be kind!
KANBEI: There are two types of gamblers.
KANBEI: The first are guys who simply love to gamble.
KANBEI: The second type are guys who think they're cool when they gamble.
KANBEI: The second type makes crazy bets. He gets caught up in his own euphoria and destroys himself.
KANBEI: You don't go for it unless you know you can win.
KANBEI: You guys are obviously number two. Just take my advice and quit now.
HASEGAWA: We're not number two. We're number three.
KANBEI: There's no such thing.
KANBEI: So get a job!
GINTOKI: Like you'd understand a laborer's feelings. Gamblers are frivolous.
HASEGAWA: You're wrong. Life is a gamble. We're all gamblers.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
KANBEI: I won't allow you to sully this place any further.
GINTOKI: What a strange guy...
HASEGAWA: Huh?
KANBEI: Huh? How did this happened?!
KANBEI: Where'd I go wrong?
KANBEI: Huh? You guys...!
HASEGAWA: Trying to seduce Lady Luck with magic tricks? How pitiful. Totally pitiful.
HASEGAWA: And you're supposed to be a legendary gambler!
KANBEI: Humph... I told you. You have to create your own luck!
KANBEI: It seems you took my good fortune too.
HASEGAWA: Blast away this bad luck with your little tricks and help us make some money.
HASEGAWA: We won't say a word!
BLACK SUIT A: Gentlemen...
BLACK SUIT A: Please come with us.
KADA: So these are the scum who cheated in my gambling den.
KADA: You're pretty gutsy.
HASEGAWA: Hold it! Hold it! We didn't chea--!
KADA: I hate men who make excuses! And you call yourself a gambler?
KANBEI: She's the female boss who controls most of the casinos in Kabukicho.
KANBEI: No one has ever escaped her shackles.
KANBEI: We're doomed to end up at the bottom of the ocean.
KADA: Hmm... So the legendary gambler of Edo turned out to be a mere cheater?
KADA: Your name had reached even my ears.
KANBEI: I'm just a rotten cheat.
KADA: I shall give you one last chance.
GINTOKI: This is...
KANBEI: It seems our last chance will be in mahjong.
GINTOKI: Isn't it weird? Mahjong in a time slot featuring children's anime?
GINTOKI/KANBEI: Huh?!
HASEGAWA: Huh? What'd I do? Is there something on...
KANBEI: You're...!
GINTOKI: You know him?
KANBEI: Janki Akage. The pro mahjong player for the Kada Gang.
KANBEI: he's a living legend.
AKAGE: We'll have a lot of fun today.
AKAGE: But if you lose...
AKAGE: ...you'll become fish food in the bay of Edo!
GINTOKI: What a farce...
KANBEI: There's no other way to get out alive.
GINTOKI: Still...what's that woman thinking?
KANBEI: I hear she loves gambling too.
KANBEI: She plans to enjoy watching us squirm.
GINTOKI: What a detestable woman.
AKAGE: [Note: The term used is "oya" = parent; which means "dealer" in the game]
GINTOKI: What?! What parent?! I don't remember having a naughty kid like you!!
AKAGE: Wha--? Huh?
KANBEI: Huh? Not again. What's with these losing tiles?!
GINTOKI: All right then. I guess it starts with me!
GINTOKI: See?
GINTOKI: What? I can't? So what? I don't need them.
AKAGE: What a boner! The ones challenging me are total amateurs!
AKAGE: So let's just continue like this.
GINTOKI: The match has barely started.
KANBEI: Akage is being so kind. It's too early to throw in the towel.
GINTOKI: Absolutely. Gambling isn't over until it's over.
AKAGE: Mahjong!
AKAGE: SHOUSANGEN HONITSU HANEMAN.
HASEGAWA: I knew it was hopeless!! It's no good.
HASEGAWA: We didn't have a chance!
HASEGAWA: I was a fool to even think it for a second!
KANBEI: This is just one game we lost.
AKAGE: Mahjong!!
KANBEI: Huh?
AKAGE: JUNCHANSANSHOKU OYAMAN.
AKAGE: [Note: The following are all mahjong terms which lead to winning the game.]
AKAGE: Pong!
AKAGE: Chow!
AKAGE: Mahjong!
AKAGE: Kong!
AKAGE: Akari!
AKAGE: Reach!
AKAGE: Draw!!
AKAGE: KANPIN SANSHOKU DORADORA HANEMAN!
AKAGE: It's over. Each of you has zero points. Meaning you have nothing.
GINTOKI: Zero or nothing. So what?! A man doesn't win with points!
AKAGE: Hmm... Then what will you do?
HASEGAWA: Huh?! Strip mahjong?!
KANBEI: Tet-chan and Ken-chan used to say in the old movies...
KANBEI: [Note: This refers to the yakuza movies of Tetsuya Watari and Ken Takakura]
KANBEI: When you lose, you lose your shirt.
HASEGAWA: Who are they?
AKAGE: Sounds like fun. Fine. Let's continue.
HASEGAWA: Huh?!
KADA: The most important thing for a gambler is guts.
KADA: He seems to be overflowing with that.
HASEGAWA: I'm so cool my entire body is frozen!!
KANBEI: It's cold...
KADA: It's almost over. How boring.
KADA: I thought I could enjoy this a bit longer.
AKAGE: He probably cheated. But relax. I'll be the legend from today on.
GINTOKI: Shut up! You be quiet!
KANBEI: There's one thing I can say...
YAKUZA: That you can read luck.
KANBEI: I've always made choices I didn't regret.
KANBEI: I've always done as I pleased. In gambling and in life.
 AKAG: (M)You're mine! Now I'll stop their breathing.
AKAGE: Reach!
GINTOKI: Mahjong!!
GINTOKI: Atari.
HASEGAWA: [Note: chiitoitsu = seven pairs]
HASEGAWA: CHIITOITSU. Damn right! He's got it!
AKAGE: Wh-What?! How?! I thought you didn't even know the rules!
AKAGE: Th-That's so ridiculous...
KANBEI/GINTOKI: The counter move begins!
GINTOKI: MENTANPIN Dragon Dragon Punch!
GINTOKI: [Note: Dragon Punch refers to a term in the Drxxon Ball anime]
KANBEI: TONNANSHAPEI RINSHAN Release!!
KANBEI: [Note: "Release" refers to a term in the Naxxto anime]
GINTOKI: Taihai! Shanpai! Chonbo! Furiken! Noten! Mopai!
GINTOKI/KANBEI: Double East Double South Double Reach Kick!!
GINTOKI: We're no small fries! We just ain't!
GINTOKI: Now we're all naked. Let's settle it with the next game.
 AKAG: (M)I can't lose. She doesn't permit losing.
 AKAG: (M)I'll do whatever it takes to win.
 AKAG: (M)Whatever it takes!
AKAGE: I guess I underestimated you guys. But this is it.
 AKAG: (M)I can't change my strategy now.
 AKAG: (M)But I still have a trick or two left.
AKAGE: Lethal weapon! Giant Tiger Illusion Tiles!
 AKAG: (M)I can pull 1000 tiles per second! No way you can see my moves!
GINTOKI: It wasn't on purpose. No really.
AKAGE: S-Stop!
 AKAG: (M)Damn! A few of the tiles ended up in the wrong position.
 AKAG: (M)Especially that row they piled back up.
 AKAG: (M)I have to get it back!
 AKAG: (M)It's all right. I'll just delay a few of my moves.
 AKAG: (M)Here I come!
GINTOKI: Bring it on!
HASEGAWA: Huh?!
HASEGAWA: See... They're all paifu tiles.
KANBEI: That doesn't matter. If you've reached haipai...
KADA: Heaven's hand?
KADA: Good fortune bestowed upon man by Heaven.
AKAGE: Huh?! Heaven's hand?! Impossible! How can that be?!
HASEGAWA: {\a6}I feel like my life has changed. Maybe Lady Luck will love me forever.
AKAGE: How can this happen?! Where did I go wrong?
KANBEI: Hah! That's life.
GINTOKI: Sounds good. How about we splurge on Dom Perignon with Dom Perignon?
KANBEI: Take it easy...
KADA: You're hopeless.
KADA: That's why gambling is...
SHINPACHI: Gin Tama begins another year!
GINTOKI: That's...
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: That's?
GINTOKI: Put some boost in it!
GINTOKI: So speak up if you have any good ideas about how to make Gin Tama better.
SHINPACHI: Well... The easiest and fastest solution is to change the title of the program.
SHINPACHI: For example...
SHINPACHI: Gin Tama 2.
SHINPACHI: Or Gin Tamas.
SHINPACHI: There's also Z and X or Second Season.
KAGURA: [Note: Turn A as in Turn A Gundam.]
GINTOKI: How about we add something sad to make it seem like it's the final one?
GINTOKI: [Note: This refers to the anime Battleship Yamato]
SHINPACHI: What does that mean?!
GINTOKI: Like changing to a main robot or inventing new weapons. Power up in a way that's obvious.
SHINPACHI: This anime has no robots or transformers.
GINTOKI: Oh...
GINTOKI: Are you serious?
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan?
KAGURA: Changing main characters sounds good.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Huh?!
 KAGU: (N)A single gun shot...
 KAGU: (N)A chance encounter.
 KAGU: (N)Two people fall in love...
 KAGU: (N)And live a simple life.
 KAGU: (N)But then...
 KAGU: (N)One single bowl of noodles...
GINTOKI: She's still eating that!
GINTOKI: Kagura!!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
OTOSE: Quit using my name without permission!
OTOSE: Running a store and an anime are basically the same things.
OTOSE: You give customers what they want. And supplement whatever's missing.
SHINPACHI: What's missing?
OTOSE: Fools are fine. But it gets pretty boring after a while.
CATHERINE: She means you lack a refreshing sexiness.
OTOSE: Oh no!
CATHERINE: Oww!
OTOSE: [Note: Japanese School Girl slang for Catherine]
OTOSE: Owww! No way! It's Cassapee!
CATHERINE: [Note: Japanese School Girl slang for Otose]
NARRATORS: These two attend Kabukicho middle school...
NARRATORS: ...and are childhood friends.
OTOSE: Oh no...
CATHERINE: There's someone about to get their soul sucked out of their butt.
OTOSE/CATHERINE: Collecting debts! No mercy!
OTOSE/CATHERINE: [Note: Pretty Cure parody.]
OTOSE/CATHERINE: Magical Mature Females! We are Tama Cure Silver Soul!
OTOSE: We...
CATHERINE: ...will not lose!!
OTOSE/CATHERINE: The customer's always right!
GINTOKI: Do you want us all to vomit to death?!
KAGURA: You can keep fighting till the end of the century!
KAGURA: You're revolting!
KATSURA: I agree.
GINTOKI: Zura...
KATSURA: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
 SHIN: (M)How long has he been sitting here? And he's totally ready to join the conversation.
 CAPTION (On Elizabeth: (On Elizabeths sign)[Check it out!]
GINTOKI: Yo Zura... Wazzup?
KATSURA: It ain't Zura. It's Katsura.
GINTOKI: What about work?
KATSURA: I work at a ramen shop right now.
KATSURA: Huh? Fired?
SACHAN: I'm going to save up my money and leave this town someday.
 CAPTION (On Elizabeth: (On Elizabeths sign)[You're genius.]
 CAPTION (On Elizabeth: (On Elizabeths sign)[Your dreams will certainly come true.]
KATSURA: Love... It can be so strong...
GINTOKI: Love... It can be so sweet...
 CAPTION (Title of th: (Title of the show)[The Pork Back Rib (Rose) of Versailles]
 CAPTION : (Title)[Takarazura Opera Company -Gin Tama-]
KATSURA: How about something like that?
SHINPACHI: Huh? Sister!
SHINPACHI: How unusual for the three of you to be together.
SACHAN: We just met up by chance.
SACHAN: I don't meet up with anyone other than Gin-san around town.
GINTOKI: I've never heard that before. And what?
GINTOKI: More troublesome guys? What're you doing here?
OTAE: Isn't it obvious?
HASEGAWA:  I heard you're thinking of a boosting strategy. The least you could've done was called me.
SHINPACHI: What? You have an idea?
SACHAN: Stimulation! Stimulation brings on more stimulation. That's the base power of boosting!
SHINPACHI: That's not going to make us better. You'll only get us moved to fringe late-night programming!
SACHAN: What?
OTAE: What this program lacks is Struggle.
OTAE: Let's go!!
OTAE: I will not fail to protect you!
OTAE: Bankai!
OTAE: [Note: reference to a term from the anime "Bleach."]
OTAE: Gum-gum!
OTAE: [Note: reference to a term from the anime "One Piece."]
SHINPACHI: No way! There's way too many risky references!
OTAE: We'll capture the hearts of the youth with this!
HASEGAWA: That's why...just leave it to me.
HASEGAWA: What the heck?!
HASEGAWA: Who changed my delusions?! It's not a success story at all.
GINTOKI: It may boost the image of social commentary anime.
HASEGAWA: No one told me!!
OTOSE: Let's go with Tama Cure!
KAGURA: No way! We should use my story.
SACHAN: The age for sadism is now!
OTAE: It's perseverance and courage!
HIJIKATA: The jig is up!
GINTOKI: Really. No one called any one of you here.
HIJIKATA: We got word that Katsura is here. Where is he?
GINTOKI: I dunno. Go home! Who gave you permission to stay?!
GINTOKI: We'll haul you guys! Don't think you can do whatever you please just because you're the police!
HIJIKATA: What?!
HIJIKATA: How stupid!
KAGURA: You won't be able to suck on your beloved mayonnaise!
HIJIKATA: Boost it up?
HIJIKATA: Welcome to the World Gin Tama Cooking Show. Now I'm going to introduce some great dishes.
HIJIKATA: Then you put more mayonnaise and...It's done.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
HIJIKATA: This is the Gin Tama Cooking Show! See you next week
KAGURA: That's it? You coward!
HIJIKATA: I'll ask the Chief about this!
KAGURA: Forget about the gorilla.
GINTOKI: Not another troublemaker.
KONDO: Just relax and leave it to me
KONDO: Boosting it up is done like this...
 KOND: (N)And he encountered a girl in town.
 KOND: (N)she took him to Kabukicho hoping for the scoop of the century.
 KOND: (N)However...
OTAE: I have a question for the Chief. What is your favorite town?
KONDO: Kabukicho. It's definitely Kabukicho.
KONDO: How's that? Huh?!
KAGURA: Roman Gin Tama?! Are you crazy?!
GINTOKI: More like the "Escape of the Gorilla!"
 KOND: (N)Otae and Kondo:
SHINPACHI: Enough!
GINTOKI: He's taking the princess's lines!
OTAE: You're being rude to Shakespeare...
OTAE: Not only that...
OTAE: But it's also a supreme insult to me!
OTAE: I sentence you to death!
OKITA: I have an excellent idea.
KONDO: Poinsettia!
SHINPACHI: S-Sorry! I didn't say it on purpose.
KAGURA: Kamonanba kamonanba kamonanba.
GINTOKI: Grab onto something!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
SHINPACHI: Well...
 PRIN: (N)An expansive meadow...
 PRIN: (N)A secret jungle...
SHINPACHI: And where's the "love and peace"?! You abandoned your friends!
GINTOKI: Hey! A monkey? You made me a monkey?!
KAGURA: I don't want that either! Shinpachi is the only monkey!
SHINPACHI: Only me?! What do you mean?!
KONDO: My story is still the best.
CATHERINE: That's why I hate amateurs! Speak for yourself!
HIJIKATA: Just who are you?
OKITA: Isn't it going to be just another "The Dog Food of the World" kind of program?
HIJIKATA: Shut up! Hey!
HASEGAWA: My success story is...!
SHINPACHI: Hey everyone... I haven't even had a word in edgewise.
KAGURA: [Note: Character goods as in tie-in merchandise.]
GINTOKI: Shut up!!
KAGURA: Gin-chan...
SHINPACHI: You're right. You should make a firm decision right now!
GINTOKI: Leave it to me. This is my answer!
OPENINGENDING CREDITSGINTOKI: Huh?
KAGURA: Nothing's started.
ELIZABETH: Oh... See? Nothing's settled.
ELIZABETH: I figured as much. It was a bad idea to leave it up to you guys in the first place.
ELIZABETH: I'm not Elizabeth today.
KATSURA: Huh? Who are you?
GINTOKI: C-Could you be...the direc...?
ELIZABETH: That's right. I'm sorry. I'll do it right from next week on. I'm really sorry.
GINTOKI: No way. This can't be happening. You've gotta be kidding!
OFUSA: I'm sorry... I promise I'll come back for you.
OFUSA: Sorry... I'm sorry...
GINTOKI: This is rotten.
SHINPACHI: Indeed.
GINTOKI: When did you buy this? Isn't it past the expiration date?
KAGURA: Right!
KAGURA: Women are too sensitive about their "expiration" date! They shouldn't sell themselves so cheap.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: It really is rotten!
GINTOKI: You bet they are. Your brains are rotten.
GINTOKI: Maybe I should beat him into submission. Kagura...?
GINTOKI: No. No way. This isn't happening.
GINTOKI: Really. It's so ridiculous.
GINTOKI: No way. That was just... Right...
GINTOKI: It's all right. This can't be happening...
GINTOKI: There's no way this is happening to me right now. Uh-uh! No way!
GINTOKI: I said...!
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [A naturally wavy-haired baby was left in front of Odd Jobs.]
SHINPACHI: You're rotten...
OTOSE: You really are...
OTOSE: but I didn't think you could be so thoughtless as to plant a seed and just move on.
SHINPACHI: Don't act stupid. His hair is soft like a cat's and wavy.
GINTOKI: You're saying I passed on the naturally wavy hair trait? I'd never lay a trap like that on my own kid!
KAGURA: Come on!
GINTOKI: Can you stop it? Can you stop calling him by that name?
GINTOKI: I bet his young mom just left him to go play pachinko. How annoying!
KAGURA: Mr. Naturally-wavy hair is trying to dodge his responsibility.
KAGURA: [Note: Ginraku is written from the "Gin" in Gintoki and the "gura" in Kagura]
GINTOKI: Will you stop it?! Stop calling him by that comic storyteller's name!
GINTOKI: [Note: Many comic storytellers have a name that contains "raku."]
KAGURA: He's getting cranky.
CATHERINE: Did he poop in his pants or what?
SHINPACHI: It doesn't look like it. He just wants some milk.
SHINPACHI: Someone! Does anyone have breast milk?
KAGURA: Let me try. I feel like some might come out now.
SHINPACHI: No way!
SHINPACHI: Why are you bringing out your motherly instincts all of sudden?!
SHINPACHI: That's not where milk's made! That's called diarrhea!
CATHERINE: He's drinking!
SHINPACHI: He really is!
GINTOKI: Hey! Don't let her carry the baby anymore.
CATHERINE: You're too young! Come back in a hundred years!
OTOSE: Leave it to me as the old woman! Old women are really good at this kind of thing.
 GINT: (M)This is not good.
 GINT: (M)Everyone looks so happy...
CATHERINE: Really... That's why I hate little brats.
KAGURA: Peek-a-boo!
SHINPACHI: What? He isn't laughing at all.
 GINT: (M)It seems... They're all going gaga over him.
CATHERINE: Sakata. Idiot Sakata.
 GINT: (M)All these names are derived from my name!
OTOSE: Ah! Where are you going?!
SHINPACHI: That bastard! I wonder if he's going to abandon him again...
KAGURA: Over my dead body!!
KAHEI: Um...
KAHEI: Excuse me.
KAHEI: I'd like to ask you something...
OKITA: An abandoned child?
OKITA: You and this boy are like two peas in a pod. He's even got those dead fish eyes of yours.
GINTOKI: It's a really sick era.
GINTOKI: Why am I surrounded by people who won't listen to my story?
GINTOKI: Do we look so much alike? The two of us?
OTAE: Oh? Gin-san?
OTAE: Are you working now? You really do work hard.
GINTOKI: O-Oh... Well... That's right...
MASTER: We don't usually have such fancy ice cream.
MASTER: I'll go buy it.
GINTOKI: It's all right. Seriously!
OTAE: I said
GINTOKI: Daina bomb?
GINTOKI: [Note: "Daina bomb" is a play on the word "dainagon" which is a kind of red bean sweet.]
OTAE: Ah...
GINTOKI: Hey... Are you all right?
SACHAN: I see...That was it... You two were...a couple...
SACHAN: I feel so stupid... I didn't know anything... I was the only one...
SACHAN: I was like...a buffon...
SACHAN: You played with my feelings and strung me along... While you two were busy making a baby together.
SACHAN: That's enough. It really is! I look so stupid. I really do!
OFUSA: Stop! Let me go!
KAHEI: Where's Kanshichiro? Tell me!
KAHEI: This woman...
KAHEI: Remember who you are!
KAHEI: Forgive me. I got too worked up.
KAHEI: I'm sorry...
KAHEI: ...for all the fuss.
SHIPACHI: Otose-san...
CATHERINE/KAGURA: Oh!
OTOSE: What?
KAGURA: This is the person the old man was looking for.
KAGURA: A photo of his grandson.
SHINPACHI: [Note: Konohamaru of Naruto ends many of his sentences with "kore."]
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Kidnapping? What? Who? Where?
GINTOKI: I just found this kid outside my door. I do odd jobs! I don't know the first thing about kidnapping!!
GINTOKI: Hold on. Don't rush.
GINTOKI: I said...
GINTOKI: I'll give him back to you... You can take the brat!
NIZO: You have an interesting fighting technique.
NIZO: I wonder if you must be used to fighting to protect someone.
GINTOKI: Dangerous people like you can't raise a child. Get out of my way. It's time for his milk.
NIZO: Good ...You're good.
NIZO: The smell of the beast... You can't hide it. You smell like the beast and so does that brat.
HOUS MAID A: It's so dirty! I wonder why men always dirty the urinal like this.
HOUSEMAID A: Especially on the left side.
HOUSEMAID B: I hear most men point left.
HOUSEMAID B: They say Toyotomi Hideyoshi pointed to the right.
HOUSEMAID B: And who knows what our master is up to behind the scenes.
HOUSEMAID B: I wonder if he was involved in some bad business.
HOUSEMAID A: You're wrong. It heard Ofusa did it.
HOUSEMAID A/B: Who's there?!
HOUSEMAID A: Kya! His points to the left!
HOUSEMAID B: Kya! His curves more!
HASEGAWA: Damn it!
HASEGAWA: I shouldn't have taken this job as a janitor! There aren't any hot little maids here!
HASEGAWA: There're only old women!
HASEGAWA: Huh?
KAGURA: But what are you going to do if you quit this job? Are you going back to your loafer life?
HASEGAWA: Uh-huh... What? Huh?
HASEGAWA: Are you the one adding the weird narration and filling my head with such suicidal thoughts?!
HASEGAWA: Why are you here?!
KAGURA: We're housekeepers.
SHINPACHI: How about you? What are you doing here? Did you change jobs again?
HASEGAWA: What do you mean "again"?! Why are you giving me that look?!
HASEGAWA: Show you around?
SAMURAI D: Damn him! Where did he go?
SAMURAI E: He can't be far away! Find him!
KATSURA: I said they're gone.
KATSURA: I said they're gone!
GINTOKI: There's no way I can hide in there!
GINTOKI: Whatever. There's no way I could hide in there! Are you stupid? I bet you are.
KATSURA: And the Hashidaya they mentioned is one of the biggest corporations in Edo.
GINTOKI: Do you know anything about it?
KATSURA: Kahei Hashida is a dangerous man.
KATSURA: He supports the exclusionist ronin so he can move them around behind the scenes.
KATSURA: That's why he became so powerful. It's not just an ordinary businessman.
GINTOKI: Why did a man like that's grandson come to me?
KATSURA: I guess you did "nyan nyan" with one of the girls at Kahei's place.
GINTOKI: That's an outdated word! Did you mean Yuyake?
GINTOKI: What kind of childcare is that?!
GINTOKI: You've got to be kidding! If he starts crying now...
GINTOKI: You have good prospects in that area.
GINTOKI: Even more than Shinpachi.
GINTOKI: Huh?
HASEGAWA: It doesn't look like the old man of Hashidaya is a harmless old businessman!
HASEGAWA: He's more like a dangerous man with a dark rumor!
HASEGAWA: Let's go home! Let's go home with this old man! I'll buy you some pickled seaweed!
SHINPACHI: I can't turn back now after hearing that.
KAGURA: How many? How much pickled seaweed were you going to offer me?
KAGURA: Don't tell me four! You were not going to give me only four?!
SHIPACHI: Is this the place? Is this the room they brought that woman to?
GINTOKI: What? What? Don't feel bad about wetting your pants.
GINTOKI: Those parts of a man have a will of their own. Something like this can happen.
GINTOKI: There you go.
GINTOKI: Really...
GINTOKI: ...there'll be many more hardships in life.
GINTOKI: Eighty percent of life is made up of hardships.
GINTOKI: Seriously...
GINTOKI: Stuff like this happens to me all the time.
GINTOKI: But it's not all bad.
GINTOKI: All right... Shall we go?
SAMURAI G: Hey! Say something!
KAHEI: What a stubborn woman.
KAHEI: You seduced my son and killed him.
OFUSA: You guys are the ones who abducted Kanshichiro.
OFUSA: He's my son. I won't let anyone take him from me!
KAHEI: It's a shame a woman like you bore a child from the Hashida family.
KAHEI: Kanshichiro doesn't need a mother. I'll raise him as a son and true heir.
KAHEI: If you won't say anything...
KAHEI: We'll have to get physical...
SAMURAI F: Housekeepers?
HASEGAWA: Um... That's right. Th-These two are the new housekeepers...
HASEGAWA: So I'm showing them around the building.
NIZO: Wait.
NIZO: It stinks. I smell a lying spy with the stench of a rat.
NIZO: I seem to be smelling a lot of odd things today.
NIZO: Will you fight...
KAHEI: What's the meaning of this?
NIZO: Sorry to interrupt your fun.
NIZO: But I just found some suspicious rats.
KAHEI: Huh? I saw you guys at Otose-dono's place.
KAHEI: You guys are more than just nosy.
KAHEI: There are things you're better off not knowing about in this world.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: Are you asking me if I made an "apo?"
 Name:  Text
KAHEI: There're things in this world you're better off not knowing about.
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
KAGURA: How would like your coffee? With sugar or milk?
KAHEI: Damn it! The woman! The woman escaped!
KAHEI: Search the entrance! She has to be somewhere in this room!
NIZO: A smokescreen... But it won't work against me.
NIZO: There's something different about the airflow. The smoke is flowing out somewhere...
NIZO: There...
GINTOKI: I said I want to meet the president.
RECEPTIONEST A: [Note: Apo is short for appointment in Japan]
GINTOKI: Does the president like Fuji apples?
RECEPTIONEST B: It's not an apple. Why are you saying only certain parts in English?!
GINTOKI: Give me a break. "Apo" or Kobo-chan...
KANSHICHIRO: Apo.
GINTOKI: Ah! What's Japan coming to?!
RECEPTIONIST A: What? What is that?
RECEPTIONIST B: Please wait!
GINTOKI: Apo.
KANSHICHIRO: Napo.
HASEGAWA: My lungs! My lungs hurt! It's like they're bursting! I've made up my mind!
SHINPACHI: No kidding...
HASEGAWA: W-Wait a minute...
SHINPACHI: We're still here! We're still here!
HASEGAWA: Wait!
HASEGAWA: Unbelievable! He's like a monster or something!
SHINPACHI: We don't stand a chance against him! Run!!
HASEGAWA: All right!
HASEGAWA: Damn it!
HASEGAWA: Hey!
SHINPACHI: Ah! We're gonna fall!!
OFUSA: Um... Are you all right?
SHINPACHI: What a relief! There was another roof underneath.
HASEGAWA: N-No kidding...
SHINPACHI: Don't worry. The baby has been taken into protective custody.
HASEGAWA: I'm 38 already ...
OFUSA: Really?! Kanshichiro... Kanshichiro is safe?!
SHINPACHI: Can you tell us what happened? I think we have the right to know at least.
OFUSA: So I was sent to work as a servant here at the Hashidaya.
OFUSA: Um... I'm Ofusa... I'm honored to be working for you.
OFUSA: Somebody help! Somebody!
KANTARO: Gotcha! That was a surprise!
OFUSA: Somebody help!! Kantaro-sama is... Kantaro-sama is...!
KANTARO: Well...hey...look over here...
OFUSA: Kantaro-sama is dead!
OFUSA: Someone!
KANTARO: Hey! Are you listening to me?!
OFUSA: Kantaro-sama loved to joke around. And he often played tricks on his servants.
OFUSA: And I gradually grew attracted to him.
OFUSA: The master would be sad to hear you say that.
KANTARO: That old man just wants me to succeed him to protect his fortune.
KANTARO: Fortune and living a long life... Are they really that important?
OFUSA: It sounds to me like you're being selfish.
OFUSA: It's the selfishness of someone who already has everything.
KANTARO: Maybe so.
KANTARO: I'd rather be like a cherry blossom.
OFUSA: Cherry blossom?
KANTARO: That's the way it should be.
OFUSA: We started living together.
OFUSA: Crying and laughing... We were so happy... However...
KAHEI: I finally track you down and look at you.
KAHEI: your illness wouldn't have taken a turn for the worse.
KAHEI: You were deceived by that nasty woman.
KAHEI: Shut up!
KAHEI: It can't be... You're carrying... Kantaro's...
OFUSA: Until he passed away...
OFUSA: Then Kanshichiro was born.
OFUSA: I decided to do my best to raise him.
OFUSA: Master!
OFUSA: But they kept chasing me.
OFUSA: And I knew it was only a matter of time before Kanshichiro and I were captured.
OFUSA: I'm sorry.
OFUSA: Please forgive me...
OFUSA: I feel sorry about what I did. I got you guys involved in this for my own selfish reasons.
HASEGAWA: But it sounds like that bastard Kahei is a real lowlife.
KAHEI: That woman is the lowlife.
KAHEI: That wench killed my only son.
KAHEI: I planned for Kantaro to become my heir and then my life's work would've been complete.
KAHEI: Do you have any idea what I endured for the sake of this company?
KAHEI: Can you understand my feelings?!
OFUSA: Kantaro-sama hated that part of you.
OFUSA: Why are you so obsessed with this business? Is it money? Or power?
KAHEI: Humph! A woman like you will never understand...
KAHEI: A man spends his entire life trying to create a single work of art.
KAHEI: I will sink to any depth to protect it.
KAHEI: Go!
KAHEI: Wh-What?!
GINTOKI: Apo.
KANSHICHIRO: Napo.
KAHEI: What? Bastard! Who the hell are you?!
GINTOKI: Huh? Who am I?
GINTOKI: That's right. I'm...
GINTOKI: ...a babysitting lone wolf.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
OFUSA: Kanshichiro!
GINTOKI: Impossible.
HASEGAWA: Are you crazy?! Why would you bring the baby into enemy territory?!
GINTOKI: What's with you? I just saved your butt.
GINTOKI: What are you doing here anyway? In thirty words or less.
HASEGAWA: Shut up!
HASEGAWA: That old man is trying to steal that kid! His son knocked up the kid's mother.
HASEGAWA: And now the old man's knocking her down.
HASEGAWA: He wants the kid to become his heir!
KAHEI: This is nonsense! He's my grandson. He's the heir to the Hashidaya. Hand him over.
GINTOKI: I really don't care whether I give you to your grandpa or your mother
GINTOKI: He said he'd rather suck momma's flat chest than suck on your hairy old teats.
OFUSA: Please stop! Please stop using such disgusting expressions!
KAHDE: Do you think you can outrun us? We've got an ace up our sleeve.
KAHEI: He's also a master assassin who can kill anyone with one unstoppable blow.
KAHEI: His name is Nizo Okada. Otherwise known as...Nizo the butcher.
GINTOKI: I've seen you before... You were blind?!
NIZO: Both of your hands are free this time. I'm glad. Now we can fight for real.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Be careful! That guy is a master of Iai! So don't let his timing affect you!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Timing is one of the elements of Iai jutsu.]
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
OFUSA: Kanshichiro!
NIZO: That's not good.
NIZO: You should've held on tighter to your baby.
OFUSA: Kanshichiro!
OFUSA: Kanshichiro!
KAHEI: Wh-What's the matter?! Hey!
GINTOKI: Should I teach you how to soothe him?
KAHEI: What?!
KAHEI: Shut up!
KAHEI: Go for the kill!
SHINPACHI: But!
GINTOKI: Just go!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Later...
GINTOKI: I promise to meet you later.
NIZO: Are you sure? A samurai shouldn't make a promise he can't keep.
GINTOKI: No sweat. I'm more dependable than I look.
GINTOKI: I'm the type of guy who arrives for a date 30 minutes early.
NIZA: I lost my eyesight to a disease when I was young.
NIZA: But humans are tough creatures.
NIZA: The other senses grow more acute to compensate for the loss of vision.
NIZO: My whole body works as my eye. I see the world more fully than before.
NIZO: Have you ever seen what comes out of a man the moment he dies? I wonder if it's his soul.
NIZO: It's released at the same time I kill a person...
NIZO: And it's such a beautiful color.
GINTOKI: You... Your eyes are even better than Sankon-san's?
GINTOKI: [Note: Osuman Youla Sankhon is a Guinean performer on Japanese TV who was known for having exceptional eyesight.]
GINTOKI: But I don't need any special powers to see.
GINTOKI: I can see... The color of your grimy soul. It's the color of a turd.
GINTOKI: The only kind of person who can kill people is a piece of crap
GINTOKI: who doesn't even try to understand the feelings of others.
NIZO: Want to find out?
GINTOKI: Come on. I'll smash your skull into pieces!
NIZO: You asked for it...
NIZO: Was I too fast for you? Now which one of us is blind?
GINTOKI: What's wrong? Did you see an illusion of me dying?
NIZO: Wh-Why?
GINTOKI: Your Iai was quick on the draw. But this time it worked against you.
 NIZO: (M)It can't be! His first strike broke my blade?!
 NIZO: (M)He was even faster than my speedy Batto jutsu?
 NIZO: (M)[Note: Batto jutsu are techniques for drawing a sword. Also called Iai jutsu.]
GINTOKI: I already told you. Your soul can't see a thing.
GINTOKI: A bit more...
GINTOKI: You should open your soul and live!
KAHEI: S-Stay back! Kanshichiro is my grandson!
KAHEI: The Hashidaya is also mine! No one can take them away from me!
OFUSA: You can do whatever you like with the Hashidaya. But that child is my son.
KAHEI: H-Hey! Be quiet!
OFUSA: Kanshichiro can hear...
OFUSA: ...what you're saying.
KAHEI: Impossible! What can a baby like this understand?
OFUSA: He understands. And he remembers.
OFUSA: All babies do. Especially the memory of being held tenderly...
OFUSA: Kantaro-sama always told me that.
OFUSA: There was an altar covered with flowers and a picture of a beautiful woman...
KAHEI: Don't worry... Everything will be all right. We'll survive somehow.
KAHEI: We'll be fine...
KAHEI: I'll cook the meals and change the diapers...
KAHEI: So you can go on without a worry.
KAHEI: I'll protect Kantaro and the Hashidaya.
OFUSA: Do you think what you're doing would make Kantaro-sama and your wife happy?
KAHEI: Kantaro was born sickly.
KAHEI: But I wasn't as clever as my wife.
KAHEI: I hired all the doctors I could and raised my son like a bird in a cage.
KAHEI: I wanted them alive in any way possible. My wife...
KAHEI: And Kantaro...
OFUSA: You haven't lost everything.
OFUSA: In fact... See?
KAHEI: Kanshichiro...
OFUSA: Kanshichiro is my child.
OFUSA: But he's also your grandson.
OFUSA: but as a grandfather who loves his grandson.
OFUSA: And we'll have tea and cakes together.
SHINPACHI: Land of the Samurai.
KAGURA: Makes it seem like a rerun...
SHINPACHI: A viewer who just started watching said they didn't understand what was going on.
GINTOKI: They should buy the original comics or the DVD.
KAGURA: That's right. It's a business opportunity.
SHINPACHI: What's with that?!
KAGURA: Women and anime are more appealing if they're a bit mysterious.
SHINPACHI: This anime's hopeless....
 GINT: (M)What is right?
 GINT: (M)What is wrong? In this mixed-up world...
 GINT: (M)deciding what is right and wrong is not easy.
 GINT: (M)You can't just go by somebody else's rules. If you let yourself be controlled like that...
 GINT: (M)you'll just become a puppet that can't make decisions on its own.
 GINT: (M)You have to live by your own rules.
GINTOKI: It should be okay to put JUMP with the combustible trash. Reading it always lights my fire.
OTOSE: You're the only thing that's on fire!
OTOSE: I keep telling you that magazines go out with Wednesday's recyclable trash!
OTOSE: When are you ever going to learn how to separate your trash?
OTOSE: You throw everything in the combustible trash pile!
GINTOKI: I hate non-combustible trash!
GINTOKI: This can be burned! Those sanitation workers are just too lazy to do it.
OTAE: You some kind of overzealous teacher or something?!
OTAE: so they're much stricter with the rules.
GINTOKI: What a pain.
GINTOKI: That hag! She tossed her cigarette!
TATSUMI: Caught you in the act at last!
TATSUMI: Serial arsonist.
TATSUMI: [Note: ME team is a play on ME-gumi no Tatsugoro of "Abarenbo Shogun."]
GINTOKI: I'm trying to tell you.
GINTOKI: I was just trying to put out the fire with my "holy water."
TATSUMI: I don't want to hear that from the guy who traumatized me!
GINTOKI: You mustn't be so passive about it!
GINTOKI: Think positive!
TATSUMI: Damn you. Don't make fun of me just because I'm a woman!
GINTOKI: Then seeing a crotch or two shouldn't be a problem at all!
CHIEF: What's going on? You sure are noisy.
TATSUMI: Everyone! I captured the arsonist!
CHIEF: You've hauled in eight innocent people this week alone.
CHIEF: Enough of this "Nancy Drew" crap.
TATSUMI: A firefighter's job is to also prevent fires!
TATSUMI: I'm positive he's the one! He was setting fires at a trash pickup site just like the arsonist.
ANNOUNCEMENT: Fire at the tofu shop at 3-chome.
ANNOUNCEMENT: Origin appears to be a trash pickup area next to the store.
ANNOUNCEMENT: Proceed immediately. Repeat. Fire at the tofu shop at 3-chome...
MEN: Right!
TATSUMI: That can't be...
GINTOKI: I told you. I told you.
CHIEF: Tatsumi...
CHIEF: I realize you're a woman trying as hard as you can to keep up with the guys.
CHIEF: But you're chasing your own tail!
CHIEF: So don't try to live the same life we lead.
TATSUMI: Telling me that won't change my mind!
CHIEF: Then let me convince you. A woman can't be a firefighter.
TATSUMI: Wha...?
TATSUMI: I called your home. Your family should be coming to get you soon.
GINTOKI: Huh? That wasn't necessary!
TATSUMI: Sorry.
TATSUMI: My mistake got you into this mess.
TATSUMI: I'm not the type to give up just because something like this happened.
GINTOKI: You don't give up.
GINTOKI: Don't blame me when you vanish like a soap bubble being blown around by the wind.
TATSUMI: Shut up! Someday I'll be the greatest firefighter in Edo.
TATSUMI: I won't let those clowns or an arsonist defeat me!
KAGURA: You good-for-nothing son!
KAGURA: Where did you learn to play with fire?! That's not how we brought you up!!
KAGURA: Hey! Men are soap bubbles!
KAGURA: The city that never sleeps: Edo Hacchobori: 24 hours.
KAGURA: It's a quote from "Battle of the Pickpocket vs. The G-men."
GINTOKI: Spare me the quote! You learn nothing but the strangest things!
GINTOKI: You can forget about growing up into a decent adult!
KEN-CHAN: Yo-chan! Check out the weirdo!
YO-CHAN: What're you doing messing around back here?
YO-CHAN: You want to go back inside your mother's womb?! You want to soak in amniotic fluid again?!
KEN-CHAN: You can stay in there till ya rot! Idiot!
YO-CHAN: Idiot!
TATSUMI: I'll remember this! I swear I'll shave off all your hair! Idiots!
TATSUMI: Dammit. Those brats....
 TATS: (M)The arsonist's fires have all been set at trash pickup sites in Kabukicho.
 TATS: (M)I'd have better luck catching the culprit by waiting patiently in one location.
GINTOKI: Don't blame me when you vanish like a soap bubble being blown around by the wind.
TATSUMI: Damn... I'm not getting blown around... because I want to.
VOICE B: I wonder how she's going to make it at her age.
VOICE B: Don't be silly. We haven't got the money to afford that.
CHIEF: Hey...
TATSUMI: Bastard.
TATSUMI: Why'd you have to save me?
TATSUMI: You should've let me die with my parents.
CHIEF: Fool!
CHIEF: Don't you ever say that again.
FIREFIGHTER A: What? You're going to take in that brat?
FIREFIGHTER A: There'll be no end to it!
TATSUMI: Dang! I fell asleep!
GINTOKI: All quiet on the western front.
TATSUMI: You...Why?!
TATSUMI: Ow ow ow ow...
GINTOKI: And besides...
GINTOKI: I wanted to see how high a soap bubble riding on the wind could fly.
TATSUMI: You mean...
GINTOKI: No question about it. That's the arsonist...
TATSUMI: What makes you say that?
GINTOKI: A guy who lives an honest life wouldn't be sneaking around like that.
TATSUMI: You're sneaking around!
TATSUMI: Shut up!
TATSUMI: Huh? Wait a minute...
TATSUMI: I know that emblem...!
TATSUMI: Chief... What's he doing here?
CHIEF: Enough of this "Nancy Drew" crap.
TATSUMI: It can't be...!
 TATS: (M)Chief wouldn't...!
GINTOKI: Looks like he came to throw away his porno mags.
CHIEF: Ack...! Tatsumi!
CHIEF: What the hell are you doing here?!
TATSUMI: What about you? You came all this way to throw away your filthy magazines?!
CHIEF: You've got it all wrong! I came to throw away my JUMP!
TATSUMI: Don't lie to me! That's a lame excuse!
GINTOKI: Tell me about it. I hope I don't turn out like this creepy old guy.
TATSUMI: Hey! You're already on your way. You're already soaked hip-deep.
CHIEF: Idiot! Teenagers need this stuff more than anyone!
TATSUMI: Society doesn't need people like you jerks!!
CHIEF: Not poking your nose where it doesn't belong again...
TATSUMI: I'm not gonna quit... No matter what some porno reading geezer tells me!
TATSUMI: Stop calling me a little girl.
CHIEF: Fire can turn even the most precious things into ashes in an instant.
CHIEF: You know better than anyone...
CHIEF: how frightening it is...
CHIEF: Firefighters don't just battle the flames.
CHIEF: The weight of all those burned up ashes pile up inside them.
CHIEF: All the fellow firefighters who've died; the people they couldn't save.
CHIEF: I'm filled with ashes.
CHIEF: Do you think you can carry a load like that on your frail shoulders?!
TATSUMI: You raised me into what I am!
TATSUMI: What's wrong with paying back my debt of gratitude?!
TATSUMI: What's wrong with wanting to help?!
CHIEF: I didn't raise you out of love or anything like that.
CHIEF: I was paying back my debt. For my crime of leaving your parents to die!
ARSONIST: You there...
RRR: Today is combustible trash day. Why are porno books being thrown out?
GINTOKI: Huh?
ARSONIST: You have a good understanding...
ARSONIST: Who needs stupid rules.
ARSONIST: We should just burn all trash.
CHIEF: He must be the arsonist.
TATSUMI: Out of my way!
GINTOKI: Stop!
TATSUMI: Yikes! The fire is spreading!
TATSUMI: Somebody! Fire!
TATSUMI: Run! Fire!
TATSUMI: You don't understand at all! Are you wearing ear plugs?
OLD MAN: That's right.
OLD MAN: [Note: Refers to "Oikaketai no!" Fuji-TV show of the late 1980s.]
TATSUMI: I don't know what you're talking about!
TATSUMI: Your house is on fire! Can't you see the smoke?!
OLD MAN: Who're you calling an old fart?! You wanna die?!
TATSUMI: Why can you only hear the bad things?!
TATSUMI: Oh no! It ignited the gas pipe.
CHIEF: I'll drag the old guy out. You call the ME team!!
TATSUMI: Shut up! You don't give me orders! Go spread your baldness elsewhere!
CHIEF: It's a very neat bald!
CHIEF: This is dangerous. The fire's raging out of control!
TATSUMI: What's wrong with this...?
TATSUMI: Old man! What're you waiting for?! I said the place is on fire!
OLD MAN: I'm not going to an old folks home!
TATSUMI: Dammit! It's like preaching to a horse!
OLD MAN: Who're you calling a deer?!
TATSUMI: You're no deer! You're a fool!
CHIEF: You fool! You're still...?
FIREFIGHTER A: Don't let the fire spread any further!
FIREFIGHTER B: Quick! Bring the water!
FIREFIGHTER A: Hurry!
FIREFIGHTER B: Hey! Where'd the Chief go?
TATSUMI: Damn! It won't budge! Why did you protect me? You should've left me!
CHIEF: Never mind me. Grab the old man and evacuate. Tatsumi...
TATSUMI: Don't give me that crap!
CHIEF: Firefighters are...
CHIEF: You don't understand that!
TATSUMI: Shut up! It's true that I tried becoming a firefighter because I lived with you.
 TATS: (M)Just like how you rescued me that day...
 TATS: (M)I want to rescue someone!
CHIEF: You're a stupid...woman... I want you... I want you to live...
CHIEF: But somewhere along the way...
CHIEF: It wasn't about making amends anymore. I just enjoyed watching you grow up.
 CHIE: (M)I had become an unstable soap bubble.
CHIEF: But you taught me what it means to carry the responsibility of a family.
CHIEF: I can't allow you to get burdened with our way of life! That's why...
TATSUMI: You're such a stupid old man...
CHIEF: What?
TATSUMI: I don't want to carry my parent's ashes either! Stupid.
TATSUMI: So wait here...
 CHIE: (M)Life is like a soap bubble...
FIREFIGHTER A: Wait! Who're you?!
FIREFIGHTER B: What're you doing? It's too dangerous! Too dangerous!
GINTOKI: Yo. Glad you're okay.
GINTOKI: She can fly! If you keep blowing behind her...
GINTOKI: You've watched her longer than anyone...
GINTOKI: The only thing I can do for you is...
CHIEF: Who're you?
 GINT: (M)A soap bubble that wants to fly higher than anyone.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: Clean this place up! It looks like we're living in a dumpster!
SHINPACHI: What part of you is a fallen angel?!
SHINPACHI: Look at this stack of newspapers!
SHINPACHI: Good grief!
SHINPACHI: Are you hiding porno or something?
KAGURA: Men are like soap bubbles.
GINTOKI: I don't want to hear that from you!
GINTOKI: Mother? Of whom?
Next time: The next episode... "Mothers Everywhere Are All the Same."
MOM: You! How long are you going to sleep?! Good grief!
MOM: Come on! Get up! Breakfast is ready!
GINTOKI: Leave me alone. I don't want breakfast.
MOM: Don't be silly! Breakfast gives your brain energy for the whole day!
MOM: Monta Mino said so on TV!
MOM: [Note: An afternoon talk show host]
MOM: You shouldn't drink so much at your age. Pull yourself together!
KAGURA: What's with all the noise so early in the morning?
KAGURA: Shut up. I don't take orders from anyone.
KAGURA: Phew! Stinky!
MOM: You're such hopeless kids.
MOM: What's the matter with you?! You're too thin!
GINTOKI: Then don't ask me in the first place. Quit nagging me.
MOM: Don't talk back!
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
MOM: Are you people taking proper care of this puppy?!
MOM: Never mind. Eat quickly.
SHINPACHI: Uh...okay...
MOM: How much rice? Medium? Large?
MOM: What're you talking about?
MOM: Don't talk back! You're always trying to trip me up!
MOM: Don't leave anything in your bowls!
MOM: I'll go put out the garbage.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: Who is that?
GINTOKI: You know. Mom.
SHINPACHI: What? Yours?
SHINPACHI: I should tell you that my mother died before I was old enough to remember her.
KAGURA: My mommy is a lot prettier. And she's in heaven now.
MOM: Don't talk when you're eating!!
MOM: And chew it up! 20 times before swallowing!
MOM: I'm a mother. Hachiro's mother.
GINTOKI: Who the heck is Hachiro?
MOM: and a child is everyone's child.
GINTOKI: [Note: "Great Masa" is a pro wrestler in Japan]
MOM: I came here from the country to see my son.
MOM: But the city is so unfamiliar that I got confused.
MOM: I found myself lost and I didn't know what to do until I came across your sign.
MOM: while you were asleep.
MOM: This is my son Hachiro.
MOM: I know for a fact that he's working in this town. Won't you help me find him?
MOM: I get it. Suit yourself. But let me say one thing.
MOM: You'll never get true love from me!!
GINTOKI: Well...
GINTOKI: I suppose we'll get the mega rewards from her son.
OTOSE: Never seen him.
GINTOKI: His name's Hachiro Kuroita.
MOM: Are you suggesting that my son is doing something fishy?
MOM: No way! Hachiro isn't like that!
MOM: I have always been so proud of him!
MOM: and he wanted to help our poor family.
MOM: ...would never...
MOM: ...become a treasure hunter.
OTOSE/SHINPACHI: How is that smart?!
MOM: No! I'm sure what my boy really meant was that
MOM: he was going to hunt for the treasure called "happiness"!
MOM: Take me to him!
NURSE: That's all I know.
GINTOKI: I see... Thanks. Let me know if you hear anything.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
KAGURA: Gin-chan.
SHINPACHI: Nothing on my end.
KAGURA: This is so full of granny's scent that it's affected Sadaharu's nose.
SHINPACHI: This is...that underground doctor...
SHINPACHI: You're not thinking...?
GINTOKI: Seems the devoted son has changed the face he got from his parents two or three times.
SHINPACHI: Plastic surgery? But why?
GINTOKI: And not just from here. Seems he's had work done at numerous places.
GINTOKI: We can't rely on this anymore.
KAGURA: Changing his face over and over... That's just like a criminal.
SHINPACHI: But we can't use the photo anymore... How will we find him?
GINTOKI: Surgically altered beauties all have the same sort of look.
GINTOKI: We can at least take a guess.
KAGURA: I watched Beauty Ariake Coliseum every week. Let me try.
KAGURA: Done!
SHINPACHI: Hey! This isn't a picture in some textbook!
GINTOKI: That can't be right. What're we going to do? This is our only copy.
KAGURA: We'll just cover it up from here to here.
SHINPACHI: Yes...it looks possible. There're lots of people like this around Odaiba.
SHINPACHI: There's no Neverland!
SHINPACHI: Let's just give up! Let's quit!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Wassup. This is Hachiro.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)I'm on my way to meet you now.
 SHIN: (M)He... He does exist!
GINTOKI: Is this for real? There he is!
SHINPACHI: Wh-What'll we do? What should we do?!
GINTOKI: Calm down!
SHINPACHI: Mom!
KAGURA: She's staring down those gals.
GINTOKI: Old lady!
GINTOKI: I'll take care of it. You follow Hachiro!
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Right!
MOM: Ambulance!
GIRL B: What're you screaming that for? What's the big idea?!
MOM: {\a6}Somebody! Call an ambulance right now!
MOM: That's the same complexion my husband had before he died!
KANKICHI: Hold up. Hold up. What's going on?
 GIRL A (: (OSAKI)Kankichi-san!
 GIRL A (: (OSAKI)This lame mother and son are giving us a hard time.
MOM: Gin-san.
MOM: There...that man...
MOM: He's got short legs.
KANKICHI: It's the fashion!
KANKICHI: You're the rudest of all!
KANKICHI: I'll show you no mercy.
GINTOKI: but don't raise your hand to an old lady!
GINTOKI: but do the right thing!
MOM: Pull up your toed socks!
GINTOKI: Learn from Sho Bro! Learn from his role on "Death Match"!
KYOSHIRO: That's enough!
KYOSHIRO: Kankichi. What're you doing out here?
KANKICHI: Ky...
KANKICHI: Kyoshiro-san!
GINTOKI: Who're you?
 GINT: (M)Ha-Hachiro?!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)You nimwits!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)and you've smeared dirt on Kyoshiro-san's reputation!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)You're fired! Don't ever step foot in Kabukicho again!
 GINT: (M)Huh? What? What's going on?
WOMAN A: It's Kyoshiro-san and Hachiro-san!
GINTOKI: Host? Huh? What's a host?
WOMAN A: That's what's great about him.
MOM: What is that guy? What's a host? Hey.
GINTOKI: Only the few chosen handsome ones...
 GINT: (M)Host? Huh? What's a host?
 GINT: (M)Only the few chosen handsome ones...
 GINT: (M)Huh? Host?
 GINT: (M)He's...a host? A host?!
 GINT: (M)Her...
 GINT: (M)...son is a...
GINTOKI: Host?!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)I'm terribly sorry for the trouble my boys caused.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Were you injured?
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)I would really like to make this up to you.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Won't you come to our club?
MOM: Club?
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Yes. This is our club: Takamagahara.
KAGURA: Mind not making me angry?
HOST A: I'm terribly sorry! Queen of Kabukicho!
KAGURA: It's laughable that a Kabukicho host doesn't even know how to treat a lady.
KAGURA: but a very young woman should be treated like an adult.
KAGURA: That's common sense.
KAGURA: What's bringing an actual cup of milk going to do?!
KAGURA: Do you think I'm the type of woman who would be satisfied with just milk?
KAGURA: I'm already an adult. I can already handle Koronamin C.
KAGURA: [Note: A play on the energy drink Oronamin C.]
HOST B: I would have expected nothing less.
HOST B: You can already drink Koronamin C.
KAGURA: My last boyfriend said kids shouldn't drink Koronamin C.
KAGURA: He said even adults could only handle one bottle per day.
KAGURA: I wonder what he's doing these days...?
SHINPACHI: So this is what a host club is like.
GINTOKI: I feel really uncomfortable...
MOM: How dare you!
MOM: You touched me! This boy just touched me!
MOM: And you... You've been glancing at me with that lecherous stare!
MOM: Yes you were! At my body! That's harassment-
MOM: sexual harassment!
MOM: Didn't we come here to find Hachiro?! Are you saying he's at a place like this?!
GINTOKI: You guys can go. We'll drink by ourselves.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
SHINPACHI: Seems she still hasn't realized it yet.
GINTOKI: That's obvious.
GINTOKI: He's changed so much-even if he really is her son...
GINTOKI: I understand why it'd be so hard to speak out given how much he's changed...
GINTOKI: Human beings aren't about what's logical.
SHINPACHI: Attacked? I'd say you were the ones doing the attacking.
KYOSHIRO: Excuse me.
KYOSHIRO: Is everyone enjoying themselves?
SHINPACHI: Kyoshiro-san.
GINTOKI: It doesn't feel right to be served drinks by guys.
MOM: We don't need anything like that. I brought something from home.
GINTOKI: You brought that in here?!
GINTOKI: Don't do that! It reeks of poverty!
MOM: These beans will cure that angry disposition!
KYOSHIRO: Huh? Uh...all right.
KYOSHIRO: Huh? What is it?
KYOSHIRO: Yes...
SHINPACHI: That guy with the humongous afro...
KYOSHIRO: You mean Hachiro?
KYOSHIRO: He's a close friend of mine who's been with me since we started this club.
KYOSHIRO: the two of us decided to start our own club.
KYOSHIRO: He had a slight mishap with plastic surgery.
SHINPACHI: A mishap with plastic surgery? What sort of mishap?
SHINPACHI: Did the operating room blow up or something?
KYOSHIRO: Well...yes... He does some bodyguard duties...
KYOSHIRO: To make it...
KYOSHIRO: but I've lost more than I've gained.
BALD YAKUZA: Aniki!
BALD YAKUZA: [Note: Aniki refers to Big Brother or Boss]
BALD YAKUZA: Found him. This guy is Hachiro.
KATSUO: That so? Then we'll bring him back with us.
KATSUO: I don't want to trouble the club or its guests.
KYOSHIRO: Hachiro!
KATSUO: I'm terribly sorry for the commotion.
KYOSHIRO: Please let Hachiro go. Stop this harassment.
KATSUO: That's not what we're doing at all.
KATSUO: My dachshund is about to give birth. I want to be there when she does.
KATSUO: I really don't have time to get involved in a childish fight.
KYOSHIRO: A childish fight?
KATSUO: Yeah...
KATSUO: Your bodyguard beat up a kid on the street.
KATSUO: Hosts nowadays sure are impolite!
KYOSHIRO: That was one of the young ones.
KATSUO: But it does.
KANKICHI: No. It's Kankichi.
KATSUO: Kanpachi-kun here is a relative of our big boss.
KYOSHIRO: The Big Boss's?
KATSUO: I don't know. Might be a very distant relative.
KATSUO: I hear he's a relative of a relative of a relative of a relative.
KYOSHIRO: Stop making false accusations.
KATSUO: It's not a false accusation.
KANKICHI: Y-Yes. I'm a relative of a relative of a relative.
KATSUO: You're missing one relative!
KATSUO: He's mistaken.
KATSUO: He's a relative of a relative of a relative of a relative of a relative of my big boss.
KATSUO: Never mind.
KATSUO: What I'm trying to say is that
KATSUO: all human beings are relatives born from the maternal ocean.
GINTOKI: That's probably Katsuo the Black Piece of the Gutter Rat Gang.
GINTOKI: What's the deal behind the club's dispute with such a troublesome fellow?
KAGURA: Money. It's money. I heard those liars mention it earlier.
KAGURA: The Gutter Rat Gang's been demanding money to take over the protection gig.
GINTOKI: Huh? Where's the old lady?
MOM: Hey! What do you think you're doing?!
MOM: He's covered with blood!
KATSUO: Who's the old lady?
KATSUO: No one bleeds this much from eating too many peanuts!
MOM: I told you to eat six parts rice crackers to four parts peanuts!
KATSUO: Everyone knows the ratio of rice crackers to peanuts...
KATSUO: is seven to three!
KATSUO: Everything in this world works out if divided by seven to three!
KATSUO: 7:3. It's the Golden Ratio that forms the basis for the entire Universe. You idiot!
MOM: You're only saying 7:3 because you want to eat more rice crackers!
MOM: Read the "Monkey vs. Crab" for the rest of your life. You idiot!
KATSUO: Stupid!
KATSUO: This ratio is the Golden Ratio that enhances both the rice crackers and peanuts.
KATSUO: You ugly idiot!
MOM: You're just infatuated with the words "Golden Ratio."
MOM: Why don't you forget about reason and live tomorrow like you were dead? You idiot!
MOM: Let's settle it once and for all!
KATSUO: Hurry up and bring us drinks!
KATSUO: What's wrong with this place?
GINTOKI: Forgive us.
GINTOKI: We'll be right with you.
SHINPACHI: We're delighted to welcome you to host club Takamagahara.
GINTOKI: I am Gin. Just do it.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of the Nike slogan.]
KAGURA: Gura here.
GINTOKI: Just do it!
GINTOKI: [To Be Continued]
ENDING THEMESHINPACHI MOTHER/MOM: The next episode... "Don't Make Munching Noises When You Eat."
MOM: Chew your food 20 times before swallowing! Understand?
shinpachi: We're delighted to welcome you to host club Takamagahara.
GINTOKI: I am Gin. Just do it.
GURA: Gura. Fuu!
KYOSHIRO: What?
KATSUO: You've got guts. Come here.
GINTOKI: Excuse...
GINTOKI: ...me.
MOM: Huh? Gin-sa--
shinpachi: Okay. Even if it costs me my life.
KATSUO: How troublesome. But never mind.
KATSUO: to what we were talking about.
GINTOKI: Something to drink?
GINTOKI: Is that shochu 3 or water 3?
CAPTIONS: [Shochu and water 7:3]\N[Note: the entire gag is about the homonym "san" which can mean the number 3 or a name title.]
KATSUO: Shochu. Now getting back to...
GINTOKI: Shochu 3?
KATSUO: That's shochu 3. Now getting back to...
KATSUO: My name is not Shochu-san!
GINTOKI: Okay. Even if it costs me my life.
KATSUO: That'll never become popular.
KYOSHIRO: I told you before.
KYOSHIRO: We have no intention of changing that.
KATSUO: Oh... Then you don't care what happens to your...
GURA: It's heavy. It's like we're a couple. I can't accept it.
KATSUO: I didn't give it to you. Use it to give me a light!
KATSUO: Don't use it with a flint stone!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Kyoshiro-san! Don't worry about me! Don't do what they want!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)We've lived through Hell and even changed our faces!
KYOSHIRO: Hachiro...
HENCHMAN A: Quiet.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)our own way!
KATSUO: You've got some nerve.
KYOSHIRO: Stop it!
KATSUO: It's too late now. I have to draw the line.
KATSUO: I'll show you just how more serious...I am than you!
KYOSHIRO: Stop it!
KATSUO: Wh-Who are you?
HENCHMAN A: What the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: I have an order for three Dom Perignino!
shinpachi: Okay. Even if it costs me my life.
KATSUO: Things don't go that easily in this world.
KATSUO: It's Meru-chan. Meru-chan became a mom while I was away!
HENCHMAN C: She gave birth? Congratulations.
HENCHMAN A AND B: R-Right!
HENCHMAN A: We won't be this easy on you the next time we meet!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Thank you very much.
GINTOKI: You put us through a lot of trouble.
GINTOKI: But I can't let a son get killed right in front of his mother's eyes.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Son?
GINTOKI: Don't play dumb.
GURA: The old lady... The old lady is nowhere to be found!
shinpachi: What? How about in the bathroom?
GURA: Maybe those guys grabbed her.
KYOSHIRO: Mom!
GINTOKI: Mom?
KATSUO: I see. So that guy was the Odd Jobs above Otose's shop.
KATSUO: That means Kyoshiro hired them to oppose me.
HENCHMAN A: It'll be trouble if we go up against Otose.
HENCHMAN A: I heard our Big boss is in love with that old lady.
KATSUO: Isn't that in the past?
KATSUO: I heard she didn't talk to him for more than ten years
KATSUO: because he was late passing around the neighborhood notebook.
HENCHMAN A: Ah! Aniki! Did you see the way the puppies move? They're like plush toys!
KATSUO: I told you not to speak so loud!
KATSUO: Meru-chan is in her most fragile state right now.
HENCHMAN A: What? Another one came out.
KATSUO: Calm down!
HENCHMAN A: But this pup isn't breathing!
KATSUO: What? Hey what is this? What's going on? What should we do?!
KATSUO: I can't take it either.
MOM: Men shouldn't panic!
MOM: A man has to be strong at times like this!
KATSUO: I-I'm sorry.
HENCHMAN A: Right!
HENCHMAN A: Brought it!
KATSUO: Will Meru-chan's baby live?
KATSUO: It cried. It's alive!
HENCHMEN: It's a miracle.
MOM: Forget it. Take good care of it now.
KATSUO: I will.
MOM: I heard you said something about someone giving birth.
HENCHMAN A: That's so true.
HENCHMEN: That's true.
KATSUO: That's not true!
MOM: Mother.
MOM: Hachiro's mother.
HENCHMAN E: Hachiro... That Hachiro?
MOM: Hachiro Kuroita.
JIROCHO DOROMIZU: Hachiro Kuroita... I've heard that name before.
KATSUO: Big boss!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Sakata-san. Sakata-san!
SHINPACHI: Hachiro-san! How'd it go? Did you find Mom?
GINTOKI: I had no luck.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Neither did I.
GINTOKI: Crap!
SHINPACHI: None of us imagined that Kyoshiro-san was the old lady's son.
KAGURA: He's changed so much. Not even his mother or the Buddha would recognize him.
KAGURA: It'd be strange if we didn't think you were her son.
KAGURA: [Note: JARO stands for the Japan Advertising Review Organization]
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)That was your own mistake.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)I'm a trannie. Hachiro is my professional name.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)My real name is Hanako.
 GINT: (M)Hanako...
 KAGU: (M)What?
 SHIN: (M)Hanako...?
 KAGU: (M)Hanako is...
 SHIN: (M)Hachiro and...
 GINT: (M)Hachiro is...
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Hanako?!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)But why didn't Kyoshiro-san say anything to his mother?
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Is it because now they are like strangers to each other?
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Kyoshiro-san has been supposedly sending his money home to his mother for five years.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)He wanted to see her more than anyone.
KYOSHIRO: Yes?
KATSUO: Hello. Kyoshiro-san? It's Katsuo.
KATSUO: That old lady who was at your place...
KATSUO: We don't know what to do with her.
KATSUO: What should we do with her? Can we just get rid of her?
KATSUO: I was surprised when the Big boss told me.
KATSUO: I understand your real name is Hachiro Kuroita.
KYOSHIRO: Where is she?!
KATSUO: Don't worry. She's a valuable hostage.
KATSUO: We haven't done anything to her.
KATSUO: I'll keep the fact that you're her son under wraps.
KATSUO: We yakuza act according to our principles.
KATSUO: But I don't understand why you're so desperate to hide that.
KATSUO: I could never face my mother. But you're different.
KATSUO: You're the top host in this town. The most successful.
KATSUO: You should proudly stand before your mother.
KYOSHIRO: What am I going to face her with?
KYOSHIRO: I've gotten rid of the face my mother knows.
KYOSHIRO: I live here in the same town as you.
KYOSHIRO: I do the same sort of dirty things.
KATSUO: You're the first guy who's refused our demands and stuck to his guns.
KATSUO: Even if that does end as of today.
KATSUO: What's that money for?
KYOSHIRO: This is everything I own.
KATSUO: What? You're still putting up a fight? We don't want such trifles.
KATSUO: We want you to let us run your club!
KYOSHIRO: I have pride in my work as a host.
KYOSHIRO: and why I have no intention of submitting to you in front of my mother.
KATSUO: You...!
KYOSHIRO: A host's job is to make women happy.
HENCHMAN B: What?! You mean you don't care what happens to your mom?
KATSUO: Kyoshiro-han. You're quite dauntless.
KATSUO: Just as I would have expected of the top host.
KATSUO: But I don't have a choice since the Big boss is desperate
KATSUO: to develop more sources of money.
KATSUO: I'll let you go today in deference to your 7:3-parted hair and your dauntlessness.
KATSUO: I'll release Mom after that.
HENCHMAN A: What the?!
GINTOKI: Guys like him don't deserve your money.
GINTOKI: Use it to treat your mother to something delicious.
HENCHMAN A: You're...!
SHINPACHI: I'm not very good with machines.
HENCHMAN C: This isn't looking good! Let's get out of here.
GINTOKI: Just - do it! Do it! Do it!
KATSUO: What crazy people. I can't distinguish them from the yakuza.
KATSUO: This old lady gets...
KATSUO: No you don't!
KATSUO: You fool! Don't underestimate me!
KATSUO: Ouch.
KATSUO: You think you can go up against our Gutter Rat Gang in this town and stay alive?
KATSUO: You fool!
 KATS: (M)A clean hit!
 KATS: (M)I mustn't let go. Tough it out.
KATSUO: What're you blushing for?!
GINTOKI: I don't give a damn if you're gutter rats or lab rats.
GINTOKI: to make a living.
KATSUO: Meru-chan!
HENCHMAN A: Aniki!
HENCHMAN A: Boss?
KATSUO: Let them go. Let them go.
KATSUO: We don't have enough lives to take these guys on. If we...
HENCHMAN A: But...!
KATSUO: I never fail when returning a debt of gratitude.
BLACK COAT A: Kyoshiro's doing as well as ever.
BLACK COAT A: Did you hear? Kyoshiro-san never did identify himself to his mother after all.
MOM: Remember! You boil that pumpkin in soy sauce and broth!
GINTOKI: Come on! How many times are you going to tell me the same thing?!
MOM: Don't raise your voice! You're always trying to trip me up!
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)He says he still hasn't become a man who can meet her with his head held high.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)Even though he hasn't done a single thing to be ashamed of.
BLACK COAT: That's so true.
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)I know him. I know how pure a heart he has.
BLACK COAT B: Hachiro-san.
BLACK COAT B: This odd box was left at the door.
MOM: Remember! You mustn't over-boil it! It'll turn mushy! Just enough!
GINTOKI: Come on! How many times are you going to tell me the same thing?!
MOM: Don't raise your voice! You're always trying to trip me up!
WOMAN CUSTOMER A: What's this?
WOMAN CUSTOMER B: Just a minute! We didn't order this!
WOMAN CUSTOMER B: Why're you smiling?
 HACHIRO (: (HANAKO)It's our special service.
MOM: Remember! Chew your food well!
GINTOKI: Come on! How many times are you going to tell me the same thing?!
MOM: It's the first time I've said that! You're not going to trick me!
WOMAN CUSTOMER A: What is this? Who wants something so lame?
WOMAN CUSTOMER B: Kyoshiro-san wouldn't eat something like this.
GINTOKI: Come on! Hurry up and leave!
SHINPACHI: Uh! Mom...
MOM: What're you talking about?
MOM: I've told you to fix that. Mother is quite concerned.
MOM: It really irritates Mother.
MOM: Mother is just happy to know you're doing well.
MOM: your mother will always be proud of you.
KYOSHIRO: Mom...
GINTOKI: That annoying woman is finally gone.
GINTOKI: Now I know that a Mom is nothing if not annoying.
KAGURA: True.
SHINPACHI: I agree.
KIYOKAWA GANG: Damn! It's a raid!
KIYOKAWA GANG: Run!
OKITA: Too!
ROSHI A: I-It's the Shinsengumi!
OKITA: murder of Shogunate officials and destruction of a coffee shop.
ROSHI B: You're the ones who busted up the coffee shop!
PEOPLE: What's going on?
KONDO: Oh...
HIJIKATA: Not that. The article above it.
KONDO: But Otae-san is safe for sure.
HIJIKATA: Not that. The article to the right.
KONDO: All crimes result from vulnerabilities in your heart!
KONDO: It's something you could say about both those
KONDO: What I want to say is that depending on your mental attitude
KONDO: you can prevent a crime before it happens.
KONDO: in Edo without everyone's cooperation!
KONDO: we need to lock down and beware of terrorists! That's right!
OTSU: Good afternoon.
OTSU: Everybody! Don't get carried away by the festive mood just because it's spring.
OTSU: Elephant turds are huge!
CROWD: They're huge!
OTSU: I will do all I can to protect the peace in Edo today.
CROWD: Awful!
HIJIKATA: Hell no! Rocky III "The Flames of Friendship"!
HIJIKATA: [Note: It was actually the Japan release version of Rocky IV that had the additional title "Flames of Friendship"]
OTSU: Chome Chome Chome Chome Ko!
OTSU: Poli Poli Poli Poli Eat it!
OTSUOTSU: Chome-ko Nanza Kuso Kurae!
OTSUOTSU: [Note: "Bleeping Pigs Eat Shit!"]
KONDO: Listen up!
KONDO: The purpose of today's special assignment
KONDO: is to implore the citizens of Edo to be on the lookout for crimes...
KONDO: And also respect Otsu-chan... I mean the Chief...and learn how to capture people's hearts!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER A: It's really Otsu-chan!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER B: Your autograph! Please give me your autograph!
KONDO: Idiots!
KONDO: We won't be able to control the citizens if we can't even control ourselves.
OTSU: That's all right.
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER A: What's with your uniform?! You got her autograph!
KONDO: I'll wear it forever. As long as my life lasts!
HIJIKATA: It isn't morale. They're just flipping out.
OTSU: Um...
OTSU: My father always told me
HIJIKATA: Well...but...
OTSU: so I've thought up various ideas to help improve the Shinsengumi's image.
OTSU: You have a bad reputation because all you do is fight!
OTSU: Settling everything with violence is as low as you can get!
OTSU: Take off those swords on your waists!
HIJIKATA: Should I change careers?
KONDO: Toshi! Sogo! What're you doing?! Hurry up and drop your weapons!
KONDO: We have to work at improving our image!
KONDO: Do you think I called Otsu-chan over here for no reason?
KONDO: was once hung out to dry because of a scandal and she hit rock bottom.
KONDO: they completely cleaned up her image.
KONDO: She's a phoenix-like pop star!
OTSU: I know people call you the 24-hour police thugs behind your backs.
OTSU: I will do my best to thoroughly improve your public image
OTSU: using the show business strategies pounded into me by Tsunpo-san.
OTSU: Rule: "Do not violate the Way of the Samurai.
OTSU: Violators must commit seppuku."
OTSU: Add something cute to the end of your sentences.
OTSU: Violators must commit seppuku. Cloned human.
HIJIKATA: That wasn't cute. You left in the most dangerous part: seppuku.
OTSU: I couldn't remove it without losing the samurai style. Camel hump.
HIJIKATA: No samurai style whatsoever is left- Moomin.
OTSU: There you go. That's it.
HIJIKATA: Shut up!
OTSU: so I think you need a friendly mascot- Nori bento.
OTSU: [Note: Nori bento = seaweed boxed lunch]
OTSU: The Shinsengumi mascot: Makoto-chan.
HIJIKATA: That's not cute at all!! What's this got to do with the Shinsengumi?!
HIJIKATA: Why's he carrying a dead body?! Which one? Which one is Makoto-chan?!
OTSU: The horse. Sweet bean jelly.
HIJIKATA: I've never seen a mascot with such dismal eyes!
HIJIKATA: a symbol of tragedy!
MAKOTO-CHAN: Oh... I did it...
HIJIKATA: He said he did it! What? Is that what he did?
KONDO: Take a good look. It's quite gro...cu...
HIJIKATA: What'd you do that for! Daffunda!
HIJIKATA: [Note: "Daffunda" was an expression used by comedian Ken Shimura in his short sketches.]
MAKOTO-CHAN: Oh stop it. Tenshindon.
MAKOTO-CHAN: [Note: Tenshindon is egg on rice. Like egg foo yung.]
OTSU: {\i1}They walk haughtily through the streets.
HIJIKATA: But what is this song?
OKITA: You're too self-conscious.
CROWD: Corn poop!
OKITA: What if there actually is a terrorist incident?
OTSU: Thank you.
KONDO: I never realized how you could gather
KONDO: so much attention with just some small twists. Bamboo shoots.
KONDO: It's a sad story.
KONDO: but we just seem to be running in circles.
KONDO: What we aspire to be and the image people have of us are totally different. Limbo dance.
OTSU: But you Shinsengumi guys are quite commendable.
OTSU: you'll be paralyzed. Slippery phantom.
HIJIKATA: What's with these conversations? It's kind of creepy...
OTSU: I was the same way.
OTSU: I was rocked by a scandal and became so concerned about how everyone saw me
OTSU: that I became too afraid to even step outside. Badger's balls.
OKITA: Did she just say "balls"? A pop idol said balls? Is she really a pop idol?
OTSU: But it's not easy changing people's minds.
OTSU: I decided to become the best person I could be.
OTSU: But I think I was only able to come to that realization because of all the time
OTSU: I had spent suffering under other people's image of me. Eel pie.
OTSU: It's not good to be too concerned with how people see you...
OTSU: But I'm sure you all can do it. You're already suffering through it. Princess Mononoke.
KONDO: Otsu-chan... You're a good woman. Daffunda.
OTSU: You just said "Daffunda" twice.
OTSU: What? Then let's say it never happened.
OTSU: It'll be our secret. Just between the two of us. Mouse tail.
SHINPACHI: You bastard! You were fooling around with Otsu-chan!
KONDO: Mako-chan's...!
OKITA: Huh? Where'd the top half go?
MAKOTO-CHAN: Oh... I did it...
MAKOTO-CHAN: I totally did it... I did it.
MAKOTO-CHAN: I thought it was a boar. Now I've done it.
STORE OWNER: Drink and forget about it.
MAKOTO-CHAN: I shot that arrow on a reflex. Now I've done it...
HIJIKATA: Quit saying you did it!
HIJIKATA: What're you doing?! You're the mascot.
HIJIKATA: What's the mascot doing here drinking?
MAKOTO-CHAN: Now I've done it... I never imagined a person would appear deep in the forest.
HIJIKATA: Hey! It sounds like a frightening incident is about to come to light...
OTSU: Makoto-chan!
OTSU: A group of children are leaving the temple school!
OTSU: Children like cute things...
HIJIKATA: Wait! Do you know how heavy a past he's shouldering?
KONDO: Hey! You're upside-down! Mako-chan! That's the wrong way!
HIJIKATA: That's nothing but a complete monster!
KONDO: Look out!
KONDO: Forward! Keep going forward! Oh no! He dropped the dead body!
HIJIKATA: Never mind! Never mind the dead body! Just go away! You'll just scare them!
HIJIKATA: I said to ignore the dead body!
CHILD A: I hate leaving school as a group.
CHILD B: Can't be helped. Not with that happening a lot lately. That's scary.
GINTOKI: Ouch...
SHINPACHI: I wouldn't know. I'm totally in the dark.
GINTOKI: Quit playing dead!
HIJIKATA: I thought something was odd.
HIJIKATA: So it was you guys after all! What's the big idea?!
SHINPACHI: No! You've got the wrong idea! Otsu-chan asked us to...
HIJIKATA: Shut up! You're always interfering! What's your game?!
KONDO: 14:17: You're under arrest for obstruction of justice.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KKK: What? Are you serious?
GINTOKI: You can't do that! "Obstruction of justice"? Just what did we do?!
HIJIKATA: Shut up! You interfered with the parade!
KAGURA: We'd never voluntarily help you guys!
SHINPACHI: She said she wanted our help because she was going to be Chief for a day.
SHINPACHI: Otsu-chan hired us personally.
GINTOKI: She's a fine girl. She hired us with her own money just for this day.
KAGURA: You guys are trampling on her good will.
KONDO: You're the guys who trampled on it!
SHINPACHI: We're not getting anywhere this way!
KONDO: A powerless gorilla doesn't exist. A gorilla's grip is nothing to sneeze at!
HIJIKATA: Tsk...
OKITA: Well... We haven't seen her at all for a while.
OKITA: Where could she have gone?
KONDO: Think like her.
KONDO: it usually has to do with number two.
KONDO: Let it go. That's why you guys can't get girlfriends.
HIJIKATA: I see. Now I know why you're not popular.
SHINPACHI: Don't say such rude things!
SHINPACHI: Otsu-chan doesn't fart and she doesn't poop!
SHINPACHI: Everything comes out as cute little eggs! Like a quail's.
KONDO: Do you really think of that as innocent?! It's just obscene!
KONDO: Of course she does! I accept that!
HIJIKATA: Hello.
SHINPACHI: {\a6}You're the one who can't see reality!
OKITA: Was that Yamazaki? Wasn't he working on the female serial kidnappings?
OKITA: He wanted Otsu-chan's autograph.
HIJIKATA: Don't worry. I wrote it for him...
OKITA: Maybe Otsu-chan was kidnapped while we weren't looking?
OKITA: Strange how those incidents all happened within the Shinsengumi's jurisdiction.
HIJIKATA: Don't be silly.
HIJIKATA: the Shinsengumi would be finished for sure.
HIJIKATA: She's probably peeing or something.
OKITA: You're no different than Kondo-san. That's why you're not popular with women.
HIJIKATA: Then what about you?
OKITA: That day...
HIJIKATA: Shall we do a group social party next time? We'll settle it once and for all...
MEMBER A: This world is totally rotten! Let us all put a change to that!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: [Note: Iboji is a play on the homonym that means "hemmorhoids"]
HANANO ANNOUNCER: is an Anti-foreigner Faction ronin group calling itself the "Tengu Faction."
HANANO ANNOUNCER: It has just been revealed that the recent serial kidnappings of women were their doing.
HANANO ANNOUNCER: who were arrested by the Shinsengumi and the dissolution of the Shinsengumi.
HANANO ANNOUNCER: They claim they will kill all the hostages if their demands are not met!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: How the Shinsengumi will respond to this situation is being closely monitored.
REPORTER A: How will you take responsibility for this incident?
REPORTER AB: Please tell us!
REPORTER D: They're demanding the dissolution of the Shinsengumi. What will you do?
MAKOTO-CHAN: Now I've done it... I've done it. I never thought we'd be arrested.
REPORTER A: Who are you? How are connected to the Shinsengumi?
MAKOTO-CHAN: It was a false arrest. That's what it was.
MAKOTO-CHAN: It was more torture than an interrogation...
HIJIKATA: Don't complicate the situation!
HIJIKATA: We can't do anything with this many people from of the media here.
HIJIKATA: Those guys are out to completely ruin us.
OTSU: Everyone!
MEMBER A: So the Shinsengumi are here! I hope you have prepared for dissolution.
KONDO: What? What did you just say?
OTSU: Everyone!
MEMBER A: So the Shinsengumi are here! I hope you have pre...
MEMBER A: It says: "We can't hear you. Please write it down."
HIJIKATA: Listen up! Try to buy as much time as you can.
MEMBER A: Are you guys mocking us?!
KONDO: Act like you can't hear them.
MEMBER B: Regarding the hostages' release, we are discussing it with our superiors.
Dialogue: 0,0:17:04.52,0:17:08.08,Main01,MEMBER B,0000,0000,0000,,But it will take time. Please wait. That's what it says.
MEMBER A: Hmph...
OKITA: We want proof. Proof that you've become our loyal dog.
Dialogue: 0,0:17:16.08,0:17:18.89,Main01,OKITA,0000,0000,0000,,Turn around three times and bark.
HIJIKATA: Those bastards...
HIJIKATA: Don't lie! You clearly tacked that on just now!
HIJIKATA: I don't want you calling me Toshi.
REPORTER D: His attempt to make himself look good made it all the more embarrassing!
HIJIKATA: What kind of mistake was that?!
HIJIKATA: The two sentences are totally different!
CAPTIONSHINSENGUMI MEMBER D: Chief! That doesn't matter at all!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: What a sight to behold!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: They're completely at the terrorist's beck and call!
OTSU: Everyone...
MEMBER A: This is interesting. Maybe we can have some fun before our meal.
HIJIKATA: Shit. They're getting carried away. It says to do the robot dance. Okita only.
OKITA: Seriously? I have no choice.
OKITA: Rocket Punch!
HIJIKATA: They said "dance"! That's a killing technique!
OKITA: It's a dance that begins with a Rocket Punch.
HIJIKATA: He's pretty good... What's with this guy? He has no weaknesses!
HIJIKATA: Mimic someone. Open to all.
HIJIKATA: I have no choice. I'll take this one.
HIJIKATA: I'll mimic Okita!
OKITA: Mimicking a fractured skull!
OKITA: Nope.
HIJIKATA: Damn rotten kid!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: How the Shinsengumi has fallen!
HANANO ANNOUNCER: There's practically nothing left of it!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER E: Chief! Our image is getting worse and worse!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER E: Chief!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER F: The Chief ran away to the land of curry!
MAKOTO-CHAN: Now they've done it. Those guys really did it...
GINTOKI: We can't do that. I'm the image mascot... Your image mascot.
GINTOKI: What is an image mascot? Is that the image we present?
GINTOKI: Like this?
KONDO: Like how?
KONDO: I only see the stupid part of it...
GINTOKI: Like I said. Mako-chan is your image mascot.
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER C: They're getting carried away...
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER E: Cut it out! You know we can't do that!
MEMBER A: People who can't even protect one person are trying to protect Edo.
GINTOKI: Hey there.
GINTOKI: I've brought your curry.
MEMBER F: What are you...?
GINTOKI: I was hired part-time to be their mascot. How did I get mixed up in all of this?
GINTOKI: Around here?
KONDO: Okay!
KONDO: Come on!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER C: Chief! What're you doing?
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER D: Stop horsing around!
KONDO: Otsu-chan! I'm sorry!
KONDO: It's a crudeness we can't get rid of in just a day!
KONDO: there are things we noticed as we struggled and looked at ourselves!
KONDO: However!
KONDO: We absolutely do not want to become shameless men
KONDO: who cannot protect what we're supposed to protect!
KONDO: there are things you men must protect!
GINTOKI: I've brought your curry.
GINTOKI: Right here?
MEMBER E: Stop bothering us! This is the best part!
OTSU: Chief!
MEMBER B: Ack! What're you guys doing?!
GINTOKI: Now I've done it... Now I've done it...
MEMBER A: What're you doing?!
YAMAZAKI: This wig is so itchy; I can't stand it.
 MEMB: (M)Damn that guy. He was hidden amongst the women the whole time.
MEMBER A: Does that mean...?!
KONDO: Good-bye. Ramen noodle substitute.
TSUNPO: Those guys rock...
TSUNPO: Shinsuke... It would seem your ambitions aren't going to be easily achieved.
TSUNPO: What a coincidence. I just came up with a good tune.
MUTSU: It looks like you're on time.
AOKI: Of course. "Trust is No.1" is Aoki and Co.'s motto.
AOKI: It holds even truer if you have what we want...
AOKI: Sakamoto-sama isn't here?
AOKI: Yes. It's over here.
AOKI: Now what about you?
MUTSU: Two dozen units of what you ordered. You can verify it yourself.
MUTSU: W-What's this?!
AOKI: W-What's going on?!
MEMBER A: What?! The goods are gone.
MUTSU: We've been had...
OPENING CREDITSCAPTION: [Q: Who are the guys that appeared in the opening sequence?]
GINTOKI: Do something? Sympathize with you?
GINTOKI: Do you want me to make you feel better? You want me to say some kind words?
KAGURA: She wants you to shower her with bad words. I'm sure of it!
MUTSU: Not probably. It is a request.
GINTOKI: A request? Let me remind you that this is a business.
GINTOKI: I won't give you a discount just because we know each other.
MUTSU: I have money.
GINTOKI: So what does the job entail?
SHINPACHI: What a quick change in his attitude!
MUTSU: Take a look at this.
GINTOKI: Okay...
MUTSU: You'll get paid after you finish the job.
GINTOKI: Bummer...
GINTOKI: What's this?
MUTSU: These are the stolen cargo.
MUTSU: Two dozen Yakuman batteries made from a material extracted
MUTSU: from a special mineral from the planet Nasional.
GINTOKI: Batteries?
MUTSU: They're not ordinary batteries.
MUTSU: One of these is strong enough to power an entire space battleship.
GINTOKI: What do you plan to do with twenty of them?
GINTOKI: They just keep on coming. What is it this time?
MUTSU: The Pleasure Support Club has no idea where they might be.
MUTSU: Oh yes. Also...
GINTOKI: No...
KAGURA: Then where are you going?
GINTOKI: I'm going to go kick someone in the balls.
KAGURA: The balls?
GINTOKI: Pretty much.
SHINPACHI: so do you think he's gone off to investigate this himself because he feels responsible?
KAGURA: You're right. It really is empty.
GINTOKI: Looks like I won't have to kick him...
SAKAMOTO: Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
SAKAMOTO: You're pulling it out! You're pulling it out! You're pulling it out!
GINTOKI: How many times do I need to tell you?!
SAKAMOTO: All right! I get it! Let go!
GINTOKI: Were you listening to me?
KAGURA: It doesn't matter if he says "kin" or "gin."
GINTOKI: This is important. It's going to appear on the test!
KAGURA: That really pisses me off.
GINTOKI: I didn't say that. I didn't say...
KAGURA: I'm going to kill you!!
SAKAMOTO: Huh? Batteries? I don't know about that...
GINTOKI: They were stolen from you! Weren't they your company's cargo?!
SAKAMOTO: I leave the little things to Mutsu.
SAKAMOTO: There's no use asking me. I don't have any idea at all.
SAKAMOTO: Want to have some fun with me?
SAKAMOTO: That didn't go well...
SHINPACHI: Then do you know anything about Aoki and Co.?
SAKAMOTO: Beats me. I don't know about little things.
GINTOKI: How long are you going to play village idiot with us?
SHINPACHI: So this is Aoki and Co.
SHINPACHI: It would be nice if they'd talk to us.
GINTOKI: That's why we brought this guy.
GINTOKI: The president of the company you were dealing with is here.
SHINPACHI: Let's get down to business.
SHINPACHI: Do you have any idea who might have attacked you?
AOKI: Who knows? Our motto is "Trust is No.1."
AOKI: I don't think we've done anything that would make anyone hold a grudge against us.
GINTOKI: But someone attacked you specifically during your transaction.
GINTOKI: I can only speculate that information about the trade was leaked ahead of time.
AOKI: The same goes for both of us. Don't forget that we were also victims.
AOKI: I'll let you know if we find something out.
GINTOKI: I just don't get it.
SHINPACHI: We haven't found a single clue since yesterday.
KAGURA: All we found was a good-for-nothing president.
KAGURA: He's more like a plant manager than a president.
SHINPACHI: What are you saying? Your Pleasure Support Club asked us to do this.
SAKAMOTO: I'll send the bill to Mutsu. Keep on drinking.
SHINPACHI: Is it all right to be doing this?
GINTOKI: We've got no choice. The client wants us to drink!
SAKAMOTO: That's right. Stop talking about silly things and drink!
SHINPACHI: No. I'm a minor.
KAGURA: You'll never gain any practical skills by being a malnourished brat.
KAGURA: Another helping of o-chazuke!!
KAGURA: [Note: O-chazuke is rice with tea poured on it.]
SHINPACHI: I told you so.
SHINPACHI: Then you shouldn't have been drinking in the beginning.
GINTOKI: Sake is all about drinking and getting drunk over and over.
GINTOKI: That's what life is all about.
KAGURA: That's no different from what a gambler who's over his head in debt would say.
GINTOKI: It doesn't look that way.
GINTOKI: It looks like it was worth making a lot of noise.
GINTOKI: I'd never forget.
SAKAMOTO: We'll move on my signal.
GINTOKI: Okay...
SAKAMOTO: Now!
GINTOKI: All right!
SHINPACHI: What are you doing?!
SHINPACHI: Something's coming!!
GINTOKI: Jeez.
GINTOKI: Tatsuma...
SAKAMOTO: I'm using this now...
SAKOMOTO: What are you going to do now? If you move one step... Bang!
SHINPACHI: Amazing. He drove the enemy away without fighting.
SAKAMOTO: We mustn't get into unnecessary fights.
SAKAMOTO: Nothing good will happen whether we win or lose.
GINTOKI: Hey...
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid! We're right back where we started!
AOKI: U-Umm...
GINTOKI: What is it?!
KAGURA: We're busy right now!
SHINPACHI: Oh...
SHINPACHI: You're from Aoki and Co.
CMAOKI: Sorry to interrupt you earlier while you were busy.
GINTOKI: So what do you want?
KAGURA: [Note: Koshihikari is a type of rice.]
SHINPACHI: Why are you slipping in a demand for rice?
AOKI: I want you to hear about some information I obtained concerning what we discussed earlier.
GINTOKI: Information?
AOKI: we've discovered the identity of the organization that wanted those batteries.
SHINPACHI: So which organization is it?
AOKI: It's called Evil Organization.
GINTOKI: Evil Organization...what?
AOKI: It's an evil organization that's called "Evil Organization."
SHINPACHI: It's "Evil Organization."
KAGURA: It's written in big letters on their sign.
SAKAMOTO: They're a corporation?
GINTOKI: Don't ask me. It's tiring for me to use up my energy if I don't have to.
SAKAMOTO: Hello! I'm from Pleasure Support Club!
SHINPACHI: We just talked about this! Don't do that!
GINTOKI: Do you want to act stupid that badly? Do you?!
GINTOKI: Do you really want to go that far to act stupid?!
LEADER: So you've finally come.
LEADER: Pleasure Support Club...
LEADER: You're...
LEADER: You're that silver-haired guy!!
GINTOKI: No. I don't really remember him.
LEADER: I never expected to meet you here!!
LEADER: You're going to pay with interest for what you did to me!!
GINTOKI: Looks like they're ready for a fierce battle.
SHINPACHI: What are we going to do against so many of them?
SHINPACHI: Manage? There's so many of them!
SHINPACHI: What's with that baseless confidence?!
SHINPACHI: Huh?
GINTOKI: He was pretty famous during the Anti-Foreigner War.
KAGURA: This idiot is strong?
KAGURA: No way!
KAGURA: Is that idiot stronger than you?
GINTOKI: Listen closely. I never said that idiot was stronger than me.
SAKAMOTO: You don't have to keep calling me an idiot. That hurts a lot.
SHINPACHI: This idiot.
LEADER: What are you blabbing on about?!
SHINPACHI: They're coming!
GINTOKI: I guess I have no choice.
SAKAMOTO: I said that I'd be using this now.
SAKAMOTO: I dropped my pistols.
SHINPACHI: What?! You're so useless!!
GINTOKI: Jeez. Oh well...
GINTOKI: Here.
SAKAMOTO: This is...
GINTOKI: Your subordinate said to use it.
GINTOKI: She probably knew this would happen.
SAKAMOTO: Hmm... This goes here... And this goes here...
SHINPACHI: Why are you dismantling it?!
KAGURA: He really is an idiot!!
GINTOKI: Aww man. Leave that idiot alone.
LEADER: As expected of the man who crushed our hopes. He's pretty strong.
EXECUTIVE A: What should we do?
LEADER: We have no choice. We're going to use our secret weapon.
EXECUTIVE A: Yes...
GINTOKI: What is he talking about?
SHINPACHI: He sounds pretty arrogant.
KAGURA: Only monkeys and idiots like high places.
SAKAMOTO: Huh? Did you call me?
LEADER: Don't you wonder where your batteries are?
LEADER: No one's going to give anything back just because they're told to.
KAGURA: You really are an idiot.
LEADER: Click.
GINTOKI: Come on. That's just a rip-off.
SHINPACHI: That's copyright infringement.
LEADER: An evil organization never obeys the laws!!
GINTOKI: W-What is this?!
SAKAMOTO: I did it!
SAKAMOTO: I finally completed my secret weapon.
SAKAMOTO: Huh? No one's here.
GINTOKI: You've been doing that all this time?!
GINTOKI: Do you understand our current situation?
SAKAMOTO: Wow. That's a big ship.
SHINPACHI: It's not a ship! It's the enemy!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: What? Why put it so spitefully? Are we playing chicken? At a time like this?
SAKAMOTO: Leave this to me.
SHINPACHI: Don't tell me you're going to take on that Justank with a single gun.
SHINPACHI: That's...
KAGURA: The battery!
SHINPACHI: Its weak spot is out in the open!
KAGURA: That's just convenient. Too convenient.
SAKAMOTO: I'm fine that it's convenient.
SAKAMOTO: this episode will just be an episode about an idiot.
SAKAMOTO: There!
SHINPACHI: Stand your ground, huh? You got me there.
GINTOKI: What is that?! You and your subordinates are all dimwitted!
KAGURA: It's pretty rare to see a pistol that makes a flag come out nowadays!
SHINPACHI: Don't be impressed by that!
LEADER: It looks like you're all out of ideas. And so I'm going to finish you off.
SHINPACHI: What's that?!
GINTOKI: That's the Neo Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon!
KAGURA: It's got a very high-quality finish.
LEADER: Say whatever you like.
LEADER: It looks like this is the end for you!
GINTOKI: That's...
OPERATOR: Beacon coordinates match. They're all safe.
MUTSU: It seems we made it in time.
LEADER: W-What?
MUTSU: We are the Pleasure Support Club.
MUTSU: The company that Tatsuma Sakamoto leads!
MUTSU: We won't forgive anyone who gets in the way of our business!
EXECUTIVE B: W-W-W-W-What should we do?!
LEADER: W-What?!
GINTOKI: That guy...
MUTSU: Empty?
MUTSU: What is the meaning of this?
KAGURA: Where did you hide them?! Tell us the truth!
LEADER: I-I really don't know! It was there.
SHINPACHI: Leaving something as valuable as that lying around while you all fought outside.
SHINPACHI: That's really dumb.
MUTSU: Someone carried them off while we were fighting.
SAKAMOTO: You probably figured it out already. The hint is..."profit!"
AOKI: Hurry. Why are you wasting time?
GINTOKI: Where are you going in such a hurry?
AOKI: You're with the Pleasure Support Club?
GINTOKI: A night drive? You've got a pretty unsexy companion and truck.
MUTSU: But we didn't find your money or our cargo.
AOKI: Well...that's...
GINTOKI: Things seem a little too convenient.
GINTOKI: Your correct information led us to solve the case.
GINTOKI: But we didn't find the money or the cargo.
AOKI: Huh? Yeah...
MUTSU: It's no use playing dumb.
MUTSU: It doesn't hurt you at all.
GINTOKI: It would keep them quiet.
AOKI: W-What?
GINTOKI: Everything went according to your plans.
GINTOKI: But you made one mistake in the end.
AOKI: Are you insulting us?!
GINTOKI: It's bold of you to act like a good person.
GINTOKI: That's how you were able to manipulate us all.
AOKI: C-Call the police.
GINTOKI: Are you sure you want to do that? I think you're the one who's going to be arrested.
AOKI: Where's your proof?
GINTOKI: Proof.
EXECUTIVE: P-President...
MUTSU: Thank you for helping us in this matter.
GINTOKI: You're annoying. Don't ever bring work to us again.
GINTOKI: I'll catch his stupidity if I stay with him too long.
MUTSU: Our boss? Right about now he's...
GINTOKI: They're all thousand yen notes.
GINTOKI: [Note: Meaning each bill is worth about only $10]
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWCAPTION: [The moment...]
NIZO: A moth flew in the darkness... The moth...
NIZO: Did nothing but fly in complete darkness.
TAKECHI: I wish you all the best of luck.
TAKECHI: Let's go.
TAKECHI: It's time to...begin our legend.
NIZO: Excuse me a moment.
NIZO: I'm looking for Kotaro Katsura-dono.
KATSURA: You've got the wrong guy.
NIZO: No need to worry.
NIZO: I'm not one of those Bakufu government dogs or anything.
KATSURA: I've heard there's been a Tsujigiri roaming the streets lately.
KATSURA: [Note: A Tsujigiri is someone who kills innocent people randomly in order to test a new sword or skill.]
KATSURA: You should be careful who you try to bite.
NIZO: Will you fight me?
KATSURA: Shit! That sword...
ONLOOKER B: It seems another corpse popped up.
ONLOOKER C: I've heard that... He only goes after ronin.
ONLOOKER C: It's so scary that I can't go out on the town at night.
SHINPACHI: Here's your tea.
GINTOKI: Umm... What brings you here today?
GINTOKI: What is this? Why has she come here? She's creepy.
SHINPACHI: There's no way I can tell that just by looking at her!
GINTOKI: I noticed it right away. Take a look at our guest.
GINTOKI: Her mouth looks like a coffee bean.
GINTOKI: You don't have very good observational skills.
SHINPACHI: Here's your coffee.
GINTOKI: Hey! What is that?!
SHINPACHI: You said her mouth looked like a coffee bean!!
GINTOKI: I did not. I was talking about the side-view of a dorayaki.
GINTOKI: [NOTE: Dorayaki is a Japanese sweet that consists of two pancake-like patties with sweet red bean paste in between.]
GINTOKI: Why does it have to be so tense in my own home?
GINTOKI: I feel like I'd get sucked in if I stared into those eyes.
GINTOKI: Oh. Hello. This is the Odd Jobs.
SHINPACHI: Huh? But that's Gin-san's. He'll get mad.
KAGURA: It's all right. He's got to be weaned off of it by now.
KAGURA: He has no parents.
GINTOKI: Work. Take care of our guest.
SHINPACHI: Liar!! You're just trying to escape!!
SHINPACHI: Have some strawberry milk.
SHINPACHI: It cried!! We did it!! Does she like it that much?!
SHINPACHI: Huh? Did we really do it?
GINTOKI: Umm... Excuse me. I'm from the Odd Jobs.
GINTOKI: Umm... Excuse me. I'm from the Odd Jobs!
GINTOKI: Excuse me. I'm the Odd Jobs guy!
GINTOKI: Excuse me. I'm the Odd Jobs guy!
TETSUYA: Huh?! What'd you say?!
GINTOKI: I'm the Odd Jobs guy! We talked on the phone!!
TETSUYA: I told you I don't need a newspaper!!
TETSUYA: I've done a terrible thing!!
GINTOKI: It's all right.
GINTOKI: They definitely heard me.
TETSUYA: I haven't told you yet...
TETSUYA: We siblings are swordsmiths!
GINTOKI: Oh?! And what is Benizakura?
TETSUYA: I want you to find it.
GINTOKI: What?! He can't hear me again?!
TETSUYA: who was considered the greatest swordsmith in Edo.
GINTOKI: Is that so?! That's amazing!
GINTOKI: So do you have any idea who stole it?
TETSUYA: But the Benizakura is a thing no human should ever touch.
GINTOKI: Sir?! Listen to what other people have to say!!
GINTOKI: Where are you looking? Are you looking at me?!
TETSUYA: It all started when my father mysteriously died one month after forging the Benizakura.
GINTOKI: Come on. Give me a break. That means misfortune might fall on me too!!
TETSUYA: Sakata-san.
TETSUYA: Please find the Benizakura before it causes any more tragedy!
GINTOKI: Listen to me!! He hasn't heard a single thing I've said!!
TETSUKO: When you talk to my brother...
TETSUKO: You've got to get close to his ear and speak from your diaphragm.
GINTOKI: Huh? Really?!
GINTOKI: Sir!! Excuse me!!
TETSUKO: Shut up!!
SHINPACHI: So you're saying you found that here?
SHINPACHI: That bloody thing.
SHINPACHI: that Katsura-san isn't the sort of person who would lose to some Tsujigiri.
SHINPACHI: Katsura-san...
SHINPACHI: You idiot!!
SHINPACHI: What must you do for Katsura-san?!
SHINPACHI: Tell me!!
ELIZABETH: That hurts.
ELIZABETH: That hurts. Let go of me. Or I'll rip your guts out.
SHINPACHI: Sorry!!
KAGURA: You look for the Tsujigiri with Lizzie!!
DAUGHTER: A demon sword? There's no way there'd be one in a recycle shop.
DAUGHTER: Those are knockoffs.
GINTOKI: I thought the thief would sell it.
DAUGHTER: but I've heard rumors of a strange sword.
RONIN A: We'll be arriving soon! Can you hear me?!
TSUNPO: Okay. Got it...
TSUNPO: Now then...
TSUNPO: I wonder if my smooth-talking can win them over...
TSUNPO: This is a once-in-a-lifetime production.
SHINPACHI: Greetings!!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Yakisoba is a sort of fried noodles.]
SHINPACHI: How's it going? Has the Tsujigiri shown up?
SHINPACHI: But don't you think it's a little reckless to ask the Tsujigiri in person about Katsura-san?
SHINPACHI: We're not even sure if he's the culprit.
SHINPACHI: Shut up! I can't even tell which side of you is the front or the back!
SHINPACHI: Oh... It's a policeman from the magistrate. Don't scare me like that.
NIZO: A Tsujigiri in the area. It's very dangerous.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Eliza...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Elizabeth!!
GINTOKI: Come on. I came here looking for a demon sword...
GINTOKI: Only to come across some familiar faces.
SHNPACHI: G-Gin-san!!
NIZO: It's true.
NIZO: I've smelled that scent of yours before.
CM BUMPERCM BUMPERSHINPACHI: Y-You're... Butcher...
SHINPACHI: Nizo the Butcher!!
SHINPACHI: So you were behind those slayings!!
GINTOKI: but it seems we were looking for the same guy.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi-kun.
NIZO: I'm pleased. You came all this way to see me.
NIZO: but it seems to attract the strong too.
NIZO: exactly the people I wanted to see.
NIZO: Maybe it's a sword of good-fortune for me.
SHINPACHI: Katsura-san?!
NIZO: Sorry about that.
NIZO: I was playing around with my new sword and I ended up killing him.
GINTOKI: Zura would never lose to a low rent cutthroat like you.
NIZO: Don't get angry. I apologize for that.
GINTOKI: Don't make me repeat myself.
GINTOKI: Zura would never lose against a small fry like you.
NIZO: Indeed. I'm no match for him.
NIZO: But I wasn't the one who killed him.
NIZO: I just let it use my body for a bit.
GINTOKI: T-This is...
KAGURA: It's gotten really dark.
KAGURA: Or not.
KAGURA: I think Zura will be okay. There's no way he'd die so easily.
KAGURA: Let's go home for today and look for him tomorrow.
KAGURA: Sadaharu?
KAGURA: What is that boat?
RONIN A: Hey.
RONIN A: Did you find him?
RONIN B: It's no good. Okada-san's got that illness again... He's been real quiet...
RONIN C: He's really dangerous.
RONIN C: He was bragging that he defeated Katsura. I wouldn't put it past him.
RONIN A: What are we going to do?
RONIN A: This happened because you weren't keeping watch over him.
RONIN A: If the existence of that thing ever came to light...
KAGURA: And don't climb on top of them!
KAGURA: All right. I'm off.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
NIZO: There!
NIZO: That's odd.
NIZO: I thought you were stronger than that.
GINTOKI: That's odd.
GINTOKI: Is that thing really a sword?
GINTOKI: It's more like a living thing than a sword.
GINTOKI: That's not a living thing...
GINTOKI: It's more like a monster!!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!!
GINTOKI: Fights aren't only won with swords!
GINTOKI: What?!
NIZO: This isn't a fight.
NIZO: It's a battle to the death.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!!
 GINTOKI: (mono)Is he an alien or something?
 SHINPAC: (mono)No way. This can't be. Gin-san is...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Gin-san is... Gin-san is...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Gin-san!!
NIZO: Do you regret not killing me in our last battle?
NIZO: This all came to pass because of your naivety.
NIZO: The White Knight.
NIZO: He's probably really disappointed.
NIZO: That all the old comrades he fought beside ended up like this.
NIZO: This country turned corrupt because of weak samurai like you.
NIZO: Samurai don't need silly things like a warrior code or morals.
NIZO: Samurai only need swords.
NIZO: Your sword is broken. You're no longer a samurai.
NIZO: Weak samurai should vanish from this country.
GINTOKI: My sword is broken?
 NIZO (m: (mono)I can't pull it out...
SHINPACHI: Don't come any closer! Or I'll make it a set!
NIZO: Tsk. Such annoyances. We'll finish this later.
NIZO: Let's meet again when we have the chance.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Hang on! Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINAPCHI: Gin-san!!
KAGURA: Hey!
KAGURA: Are you a part of this ship's crew?
KAGURA: Could you show me around? Unless you want me make your head go pop.
KAGURA: Could you show me around? Unless you want me make your head go pop.
TAKASUGI: There's a large moon out tonight.
TAKASUGI: I thought moon Princess Kaguya might come down tonight... But Princess Tomboy showed up instead.
TAKASUGI: [Note: refers to The Tale of Princess Kaguya.]
 KAGU: (M)This is bad. This guy smells dangerous.
MATAKO: Damn you!! Who are you?!
MATAKO: I won't forgive anyone who threatens Shinsuke-sama!
MATAKO: Drop your gun! You think you can win against Matako Kijima quick-draw?
KAGURA: [Note: Mata is slang for "crotch" in Japanese.]
MATAKO: That won't work! Are you trying to distract me?!
MATAKO: Bitch! I won't forgive you for insulting me in front of Shinsuke-sama!
TAKECHI: is unworthy of samurai. So capture her alive.
MATAKO: Senpai! Get your Lolita complex under control!
TAKECHI: I don't have a Lolita complex. I'm a feminist.
TAKECHI: That's the way of the feminist.
RONIN: What the hell kind of girl is she?!
RONIN: She's super strong!
KAGURA: Zura! Where are you?!
RONIN: Now!
RONIN: Hold her down!
KAGURA: Wait for me!
KAGURA: I'm coming!
RONIN: Wh-What a kid...
RONIN: She's headed for the factory!
KAGURA: What is this...?
OTAE: How do you feel? Are you conscious?
OTAE: Do you recognize me?
GINTOKI: Why are you here?
OTAE: Because Shin-chan asked me to take care of you.
GINTOKI: So why is the person who's supposed to be taking care of me holding a Naginata then?
GINTOKI: [Note: The Naginata is a traditional Japanese pole arm commonly wielded by women of the samurai class.]
OTAE: Because Shin-chan asked me to.
OTAE: He said to keep you in bed and stop you from going out.
GINTOKI: Stop what? Do you mean my breathing?
OTAE: Well... They're out running errands.
GINTOKI: What kind of errands?
OTAE: Let's read JUMP.
GINTOKI: Hey. You're hiding something...
TETSUYA: What?!
TETSUYA: The killer is using Benizakura for a Tsujigiri?
TETSUYA: [Note: Tsujigiri refers to a person or the practice of killing innocent people randomly in order to test a new sword or skill.]
TETSUYA: And did you get it?
TETSUYA: That's terrible! The Benizakura has become an instrument of murder!!
TETSUYA: This is way beyond the "this is bad" level!
SHINPACHI: Huh?
TETSUKO: Th-That guy.
SHINPACHI: She just told you she wasn't feeling well.
TETSUYA: I'm sorry! She's no good at reading the situation.
SHINPACHI: You're the one who isn't able to.
TETSUYA: We were never allowed to touch it and it was sealed deep inside the warehouse.
TETSUYA: A sword made by a master swordsmith who put his heart and soul
TETSUYA: into his work just might have a soul of it's own.
TETSUYA: The continuous drip from that roof has worn a hole in that stone!
TETSUYA: Even drops of rain can penetrate stone.
TETSUYA: What if a world-class swordsmith does the same thing;
TETSUYA: forging the same spot with his hammer?!
TETSUYA: What if they pounded the iron tens of thousands of times with only the intent of forging a killing weapon?!
TETSUYA: A sword like that might be beyond human understanding!
SHINPACHI: You mean the strength of your father's will transformed cold steel into some kind of monster?
TETSUYA: The sword is forged with one deadly intention. To kill a person.
TETSUYA: That's what makes the sword so beautiful.
TETSUYA: And so is the swordsmith who imagines it.
SHINPACHI: Elizabeth-san...
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan hasn't come back yet.
SHINPACHI: ...with this piece of paper.
SHINPACHI: I haven't told Gin-san about it.
OTAE: Do it in here! Right here!
GINTOKI: It's not enough! Not enough!
OTAE: Can I help you?
TETSUKO: ...Um... Well...
OTAE: Um...Gin-san is currently...
GINTOKI: Over here.
TAKECHI: You really overdid it this time.
TAKECHI: You took the Benizakura without permission and ran back here with only one arm.
TAKECHI: Are you ready to commit hari-kiri one handed? Okada-san.
NIZO: I should get credit for bringing Benizakura back even though I lost an arm.
NIZO: You should rethink my diligence in a situation like that.
MATAKO: Your selfish behavior the past few days has been too much.
MATAKO: What are you going to do if the Bakufu government's dogs find out about the Benizakura?
MATAKO: You're distracting Shinsuke-sama.
MATAKO: You think you've become a big man? Don't delude yourself!
NIZO: It's been taking over my body more and more these days.
NIZO: So it thinks my body is a part of itself.
NIZO: You'd better be careful how you talk to me.
GINTOKI: What is it?
GINTOKI: Who really made that monstrosity?
NIZO: They're really bothersome.
NIZO: We've gathered here under him to overthrow this corrupt government.
NIZO: But we're still just Kira kira...
NIZO: It's an eyesore. A real thorn in our side.
NIZO: They're not the ones at his side anymore.
NIZO: We are.
TETSUKO: The Benizakura was created based on my father's original Benizakura.
TETSUKO: It's a mechanized anti-battleship weapon.
TETSUKO: Endowed with a kind of artificial intelligence called an "Electric Soul."
TETSUKO: It lives like a parasite and takes over its wielder's body.
TETSUKO: It truly is alive.
TETSUKO: Only one person in Edo could create such a thing.
TETSUKO: Please.
TETSUKO: Stop my brother.
TETSUKO: They're...Takasugi is...going to use it to turn Edo into a sea of flames.
TAKASUGI: Such insanity.
TAKASUGI: To create a sword like this in an era of firearms and cannons.
TETSUYA: I think a man who boasts about overthrowing the Bakufu
TETSUYA: with that sword is also insane.
TAKASUGI: A man who turns his boasts into reality is called a hero.
TAKASUGI: I don't boast about what I can't do.
TETSUYA: I'm not interested in your plots or ambition!
TETSUYA: A swordsmith lives only to forge killing swords!
TETSUYA: There's nothing this sword can't cut!
SHINPACHI: Shinsuke Takasugi. Are you saying he's
SUPPORTER: and they fought in the Anti-Foreigner War together. So why would he...?
SUPPORTER: along with Nizo the Butcher; the gun fighter Matako "Crimson Bullet" Kijima;
SHINPACHI: The Kiheitai?
SUPPORTER: It's a volunteer army led by Takasugi.
SUPPORTER: It's said they fight like ferocious demons.
SUPPORTER: I also heard that they're secretly developing devastating weapons.
SUPPORTER: His goal is to most likely form a strong-armed group to launch a coup d'tat.
SUPPORTER A: Katsura-san renounced violence
SUPPORTER A: and seeks to restore Edo's sovereignty by more peaceful means.
SUPPORTER A: Maybe Takasugi was angry with him for his change of heart.
SUPPORTER: Let's avenge Katsura-san!
SUPPORTER: Take Takasugi's head!
GINTOKI: I see. Takasugi...
GINTOKI: but it sounds like your brother is involved in a hell of a mess.
GINTOKI: And... I can say that your brother used me like a pawn.
TETSUKO: I'm sorry. I have nothing to say.
GINTOKI: You sound like the little sister who's just trying to protect her brother.
GINTOKI: Aren't you ignoring the fact that your brother is an accomplice to murder?
OTAE: Gin-san!
TESTUKO: My brother is an idiot who only cares about making swords.
TETSUKO: That was around the same time he begun associating with shady people.
TETSUKO: I told myself that all we needed to do was just forge swords.
TETSUKO: That's our job...
TETSUKO: I knew it. A sword is for butchering people.
TETSUKO: It was just a tool for murder.
TETSUKO: Yet... What a shame...
TETSUKO: My brother worked so hard to make that sword...
TETSUKO: And it's being used for such a low purpose.
TETSUKO: But things are reaching the point where I can't stop it on my own.
TETSUKO: I really don't know what to do.
TETSUKO: What should I do?
GINTOKI: I don't know what to do anymore than you do.
GINTOKI: Here! I don't want your consolation money. Just go home.
GINTOKI: I don't want any more trouble.
 SHIN: (M)There's no doubt that Kagura-chan is on that ship.
 SHIN: (M)But how can I sneak aboard?
 SHIN: (M)This place is crawling with scary looking ronin. What should I do...?
 SHIN: (M)What the hell is that?!
MATAKO: I wonder if that sword is even safe to use. I could feel the evil in it.
KAGURA: Let me go!
KAGURA: Don't think you'll get away with this!
KAGURA: Don't come crying to me when you're beaten up by Gin-chan!
MATAKO: Geez. She's already wreaking havoc.
TAKECHI: We can't kill her yet. She has valuable information.
TAKECHI: I don't have a Lolita complex. I'm a feminist.
TAKECHI: Look! Her gunshot wound has already healed in just one night
TAKECHI: and her extraordinary strength and snow white skin...
MATAKO: That's someone who has a Lolita complex!
TAKECHI: Never mind.
MATAKO: You're the idiot.
TAKECHI: I'm saying those characteristics are prevalent among the Yato clan.
MATAKO: You should die.
MATAKO: Does that mean she's a professional assassin who was hired to kill Shinsuke-sama?
MATAKO: Who the hell is she a spy for?
MATAKO: I don't care whether you're a feminist or have a Lolita complex.
MATAKO: It's really disgusting. I'll show you how easily I handle this girl.
MATAKO: ...you...
MATAKO: You!
TAKECHI: N-No! This girl will be breathtaking in another two or three years.
RONIN B: You look really suspicious.
KAGURA: Loogie!!
KAGURA/MATAKO: Eat this!!
MATAKO: What?!
KAGURA: What?!
TAKECHI: What do you mean "what?!" You spit all over my face.
 SHIN: (M)Elizabeth...!
 SHIN: (M)Elizabeth Senpai!
OTAE: I'm relieved.
OTAE: I was afraid you'd try to go out despite your injuries.
OTAE: You'd die if you went out in your condition.
GINTOKI: You're right.
GINTOKI: ...You're right.
OTAE: Gin-san.
OTAE: Please don't overdo it.
GINTOKI: ...You're right.
GINTOKI: The last one you bought was an Akamaru JUMP.
GINTOKI: [Note: Akamaru JUMP is the special edition of JUMP.]
GINTOKI: That's the kind of mistake my mom would make!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: Tsk... Troublesome woman...
OTAE: Stupid man...
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWCAPTION: [THE ANTI-Foreigner FACTION UPRISING]
NEXT TITLE: [The next episode... "The Sun Will Rise Again"]
SHINPACHI: The Benizakura.
SHINPACHI: We witnessed Nizo the Butcher using Benizakura for random murder.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san was mortally wounded after an intense fight.
SHINPACHI: I kept searching and found a camouflaged ship docked in port.
SHINPACHI: was working with Takasugi's group on a terrible plan
SHINPACHI: to use the Benizakura to turn Edo into an inferno.
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [Revenge against Takasugi's group. The Anti-Foreigner Faction fleet assault.]
OTAE: I'm relieved.
OTAE: I was afraid you'd try to go out despite your injuries.
OTAE: You'd die if you went out in your condition.
GINTOKI: You're right.
GINTOKI: ...You're right.
OTAE: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Huh?
OTAE: Please don't overdo it.
GINTOKI: ...You're right.
GINTOKI: The last one you bought was an Akamaru JUMP.
GINTOKI: That's the kind of mistake my mom would make!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: Tsk... Troublesome woman...
OTAE: Stupid Man...
RONIN: Is it the Shinsengumi? Don't tell me those Bukufu's dogs found out...
RONIN: That's...!
SUPPORTER: Takasugi!
SUPPORTER: You bastard!
SUPPORTER: That's unforgivable!!
SUPPORTER: We're not comrades anymore!
SUPPORTER: Our ambitions conflict so we're enemies now!
SUPPORTER: Now suffer the punishment of heaven!!
TAKECHI: What?! Katsura's followers?!
TAKECHI: Prepare the ship for departure immediately.
MATAKO: They came to avenge Katsura.
MATAKO: Nizo... This is all his fault.
TAKECHI: It probably is. But it's more likely they found out about the Benizakura.
TAKECHI: and thwart our plans on behalf of the late Katsura.
MATAKO: It's possible this girl is one of their members
MATAKO: and this attack is just a diversion.
MATAKO: We know why you're here!
MATAKO: We know you want to rescue her!
MATAKO: But if you keep shooting us you might accidentally hit her.
TAKECHI: My expectations were off. But their cannonball missed so I guess we're even.
KAGURA: You guys are so stupid!
KAGURA: I have nothing to do with those guys!
KAGURA: You guessed wrong. How embarrassing!
MATAKO: What are you gloating about?
MATAKO: You're the one in the most dangerous position.
MATAKO: Whoa! Incoming!
MATAKO: Tsk. She didn't prove useful at all.
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
TAKASUGI: Yo.
TAKASUGI: I hate to bother you when you're suffering.
TAKASUGI: But your guests have arrived.
TAKASUGI: You really messed things up.
TAKASUGI: before we take on the Bakufu.
TAKASUGI: I heard you killed Katsura.
TAKASUGI: So? Were you able to collect any good data?
TAKASUGI: Murata must be happy with it. He'd do anything to make his sword more deadly.
NIZO: Humph... What about you?
NIZO: Your old chum was killed so easily
NIZO: so you're feeling sad...
NIZO: Or...
TAKASUGI: That's an impressive arm you're growing there.
TAKASUGI: I'm glad you two get along so well together. You've literally become one.
TAKASUGI: Hurry up and go kill them.
TAKASUGI: I knew it would eventually come to this.
TAKASUGI: And...
TAKASUGI: Don't ever call Gintoki my chum again.
TAKASUGI: There're no warm feelings between us anymore.
TAKASUGI: Say it again and I'll cut right through you and that weird sword.
 NIZO: (M)...He was seriously going to kill me...
MATAKO: Who are you?!
SHINPACHI: No! I'm falling!
KAGURA: [Note: Kagura imitates Shinpachi's way of nicknaming her Kagura-chan by calling him Pa-chan]
SHINPACHI: How can you be so easy-going right now?!
KAGURA: What happened to Zura? Where's Gin-chan? Why is Gin-chan not here?
KAGURA: Shinpachi...
KAGURA: Shi-Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
SUPPORTER: What's that?
SUPPORTER: That's Nizo! Nizo the Butcher!!
SUPPORTER: What is he going to do all by himself?!
SUPPORTER: Shoot him!
SUPPORTER: Blast him out of the sky!!
TAKASUGI: Hey...
TAKASUGI: Does killing such small fry satisfy you?
NIZO: I'll destroy everything!
TAKASUGI: destroy the world?
SUPPORTER: He did that with just one sword...
SUPPORTER: Is he a monster?!
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Elizabeth!
SHINPACHI: You've made it all the way up here!
SHINPACHI: Elizabeth!
TAKASUGI: This is no place for kids.
KATSURA: I'm no kid.
 TAKA: (M)This smell...
KATSURA: I'm Katsura.
SUPPORTER: What are you doing?! Shoot him down!
SUPPORTER: We can't! He's moving so fast and the target is too small!
SUPPORTER: Shoot him down! Shoot him down!
NIZO: How's that?
NIZO: This is...
NIZO: Why now...?
GINTOKI: It's liable to be over before we get there.
TETSUKO: One good swing with Benizakura has the same fighting power as 10 warships.
TETSUKO: It's impossible for them to stop it.
GINTOKI: I don't get it.
GINTOKI: Can you compare it to something I'm more familiar with?
GINTOKI: Those aren't mothers!
GINTOKI: Then it's not surprising that she can shoot missiles...
TETSUKO: Take this...
GINTOKI: What's this?
TETSUKO: It's the sword I forged.
TETSUKO: You can't defeat Benizakura with that wooden sword of yours. Use that.
GINTOKI: What the hell are you doing?!
TETSUKO: It's not poop! It's a coiled dragon.
SUPPORTERS: Elizabeth-sama!
SUPPORTER: Elizabeth-san!!
SUPPORTER: The ship is ready.
SUPPORTER: But are you really sure you should go?
SUPPORTER: They've already destroyed two of our ships!
SUPPORTER: And our ship is not capable of loading enough heavy armaments.
SUPPORTER: I wonder what kind of terrifying weapons they have.
SUPPORTER: You mean... Can it be?!
SUPPORTER: We can't just stand around!
SUPPORTER: Elizabeth-san's hunches often prove right.
MATAKO: Shinsuke-sama!
TAKECHI: Oh... I didn't expect to see you here.
TAKECHI: I didn't expect to meet a dead man.
SHINPACHI: No way...
SHINPACHI: Katsura-san!
KATSURA: I had unfinished business so I returned from the underworld.
KATSURA: I can't rest in peace after being slain by a comrade.
TAKASUGI: A comrade...
TAKASUGI: I didn't know you still thought of us that way.
TAKASUGI: But that's an unwelcome thought.
KATSURA: You still carry that?
KATSURA: I guess we're both fools.
TAKASUGI: So that's what saved you from the Benizakura.
TAKASUGI: It's good to cherish old memories.
KATSURA: He was too eager.
TAKASUGI: You're good at running away and now you're getting better at playing possum.
TAKASUGI: Do you think I was the one who sent him?
KATSURA: I don't care if you sent him or if it was his own decision.
KATSURA: But I know what you're planning and I can't let you do it.
KATSURA: I'm sending your ambitions to the bottom of the sea.
RONIN: What's going on?!
RONIN: The factory! The Benizakura!
MATAKO: Katsura!
RONIN: You bastard! You'll never get off this ship alive!
KATSURA: I can't die.
KATSURA: So I'll kill you before the morning sun rises.
KAGURA: The person who's gonna get killed is...
KAGURA: ...you!
SHINPACHI: We were worried sick about you!
SHINPACHI: And you were hiding inside Elizabeth?!
SHINPACHI: How long have you been playing us?
SHINPACHI: Shut up! We're about to attack you!
KATSURA: Wait! Calm down.
KATSURA: It wasn't fair that I didn't tell you anything. I apologize.
KATSURA: I thought the enemy was just after me.
KATSURA: So I thought it would be best if I made my enemy think I was dead.
KATSURA: That's why I didn't tell you anything.
KATSURA: That's why I disguised myself as...
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: But why as Elizabeth?!
SAMURAI: We can't get near him! He's a whirlwind of death!
MATAKO: What are you doing?!
RONIN: The ship rammed us! What are they doing?!
SUPPORTER: Takasugi! You ain't getting away with this!!
MATAKO: Tsk! Cut them down!!
KATSURA: Elizabeth... You guys...
SUPPORTER: You ordered us not to take action under any circumstances.
SUPPORTER: We couldn't believe you'd been killed and when we heard you were here...
KATSURA: Stop it.
SUPPORTER: Yet we attacked and ruined your plan!
SUPPORTER: Now the rift between our group and Takasugi's is even wider! So...
KATSURA: That's not true.
KATSURA: Something like this was bound to happen sooner or later anyways.
KATSURA: Elizabeth...
KATSURA: Sorry...
RONIN: We can't let you go!
KATSURA: Get out of my way!
KATSURA: You guys!
SHINPACHI: We'll fight by your side to the bitter end to stop these guys!
KAGURA: Zura! You better buy me some snacks when we get back!
KATSURA: You guys...
MATAKO: We won't let you get to Shinsuke-sama.
TAKECHI: I'm afraid even a feminist must sometimes become a demon.
KATSURA: Tsk.
KAGURA: Zura... I want a year's supply of pickled seaweed
KAGURA: and the entire series of "Wataru seken wa onishikaine konoyaro" on DVD.
SHINPACHI: I want Otsu-chan's new album and photo book and
KAGURA: Are you kidding?!
SHINPACHI: Just show him that freaky hairdo of yours and make him laugh!
TAKECHI: I can't read you... You two are the only odd guys on this ship.
TAKECHI: You're neither exclusionist samurai nor Katsura's rebel cronies.
TAKECHI: And you're obviously not with us.
MATAKO: What?! Who in the hell are you?!
MATAKO: What's your deal?
ENDING CREDITCAPTION: [GINTOKI VS]
 Name:  Text
NIZO: I don't recall when I learned that the light radiated from human beings.
NIZO: But there are a few who shine just as bright while they're alive.
NIZO: Moths guided by that beacon's flame. There are moths everywhere...
NIZO: This one is not a moth.
NIZO: It gleams like a sword-a cold steel blade drawn from its sheath.
NIZO: It's glint is sharp... Silver.
 NIZO: (M)But why is it...
 NIZO: (M)I just can't...
 NIZO : (MO)stand its color!
NIZO: Here I thought it was just some random punks barging in to interrupt our work...
NIZO: Who'd imagine you were one of them?
NIZO: Did you come to rob the place?
NIZO: What can you do in your condition?
GINTOKI: You don't look so hot yourself.
GINTOKI: You're pale. Got a stomachache or something? Is it diarrhea?
NIZO: You're the one with diarrhea.
TAKASUGI: Looks like he's about to take on Benizakura.
TAKASUGI: He's as foolish as ever.
TAKASUGI: It's like taking on a battleship with a rolling pin.
KATSURA: He no longer moves like a human.
KATSURA: His body is crying out because it can't keep up with the Benizakura's commands.
KATSURA: That man is going to die.
KATSURA: what would happen if he used the Benizakura.
KATSURA: You were his comrade. Don't you feel anything?
TAKASUGI: He chose to do that on his own.
TETSUKO: Gets his wish?
TETSUYA: That's right! That man truly wished to become a sword!
TETSUYA: He'd rather fly into the fire than return to darkness.
TETSUYA: He wanted the power to grow.
TETSUYA: His eyes have been blinded by light-he can't see anything else.
TETSUYA: How sad and foolish...
TETSUYA: But inside him is a beauty that transcends good and evil...
TAKASUGI: Swords kill. Master smiths forge swords. What then...
TAKASUGI: are samurai?
TAKASUGI: They're simpletons. But I don't hate them.
TAKASUGI: I don't care if my comrades or anyone falls by the wayside.
TETSUKO: What's so beautiful about bloodshed?
TETSUKO: Are you saying that's the goal of your art?
TETSUKO: Enough of this. I don't want to see blood spilt by a sword my brother made.
TETSUYA: Then why did you bring that man here?!
TETSUYA: It's as if you brought him here to be killed!
TETSUYA: You think he can defeat the Benizaka?
TETSUYA: I-Impossible!
TETSUYA: He's matched against Benizakura...
TETSUYA: No! He's even stronger?!
TETSUYA: It can't be...
TETSUYA: ...It can't be.
 TETS: (M)That man...
 TETS: (M)He's improving faster than the Benizakura?!
 TETS: (M)In the midst of an extreme fight to the death...
 TETS: (M)have the memories of past battles lying dormant deep inside his body been awakened?
 TETS: (M)It's the White Knight!
 NIZO: (M)It won't go out.
 NIZO: (M)No matter how many times I try to extinguish it.
 NIZO: (M)That annoying light won't go out...
BUICHI: but it seems this is your first fight with a real sword.
BUICHI: You're shaking.
SHINPACHI: This is called the Drunken Sword.
SHINPACHI: [Note: Spoof of that Jackie Chan movie]
BUICHI: Don't force yourself.
BUICHI: It's what that comedian often uses in his skits.
MATAKO: Who're you calling a wild boar?!
 MATA: (M)Gotcha!
 MATA: (M)You can't move in mid-air. Die!
 MATA: (M)Got her!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Gin-chan.
MATAKO: Wh...What?!
BUICHI: Nizo-san?
MATAKO: Senpai!
MATAKO: He's conscious... He's being controlled by the Benizakura.
TETSUYA: He's been completely overwhelmed by the Benizakura!
TETSUYA: Not even the White Knight can stop him now!
TETSUYA: That is the Benizakura's final form. The ultimate sword!
TETSUYA: Such power comes only to those
TETSUYA: who discarded all meaningless distractions from their lives and devote themselves to a single goal.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
 NIZO: (M)Won't... That annoying light...
 NIZO: (M)won't go out...
TETSUYA: Tetsuko!
TETSUKO: I won't let him die! I won't let you kill him!
TETSUKO: I won't let that sword destroy any more lives!
KAGURA: You!
KAGURA: Let that mop head go!
TETSUYA: What the?!
SHINPACHI: Let him go!
 TETS: (M)Why... Why?
 TETS: (M)Why can't you understand?
 TETS: (M)I've given everything I have to create the Benizakura.
TOWNSMAN A: We suffered a real loss.
TOWNSMAN A: No one else will ever be able to create swords like he did.
TOWNSMAN B: I heard he has a son. How good is he?
TOWNSMAN A: He's no good.
TOWNSMAN A: he'd have no problem making a living with his craft.
TETSUYA: From that day on...
JINTETSU: I hope he understands that someday.
 TETS: (M)I put my craft before everything else.
 TETS: (M)I don't need anyone...
 TETS: (M)I don't need anything but the sword.
 TETS: (M)It's everything to me. There's nothing else in my life...
TETSUYA: Tetsuko!
TETSUKO: Brother!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
TETSUKO: Brother! Pull yourself together! Brother!
TETSUKO: Brother...
TETSUYA: Now it makes sense...
TETSUYA: I thought I had forsaken everything in my life but the sword.
TETSUYA: I tried to live my life...not as a human being...but as a swordsmith...
TETSUYA: living only to create swords.
TETSUYA: you were the one thing...I couldn't give up...
TETSUYA: there was no way I could forge the ultimate sword.
GINTOKI: Nothing is meaningless!
GINTOKI: Everything matters.
GINTOKI: Devoting your life solely to making swords? Is that what a craftsman does?
GINTOKI: Those are noble words. But you just don't want to be bothered.
GINTOKI: Don't call yourself a craftsman when you don't even have...
GINTOKI: the courage to shoulder the trials of life.
GINTOKI: Watch. See how powerful the things you call meaningless can be.
GINTOKI: Take a good look at this blade your sister forged and see how well it cuts.
TETSUKO: Gin-san! That's impossible!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
JINTETSU: But that's no reason for us to stop wielding our hammer. We'd go hungry.
JINTETSU: That's why we have to keep on hammering at it over and over.
JINTETSU: You hammer your soul into shape just as you hammer the iron.
JINTETSU: Become a gentle person with integrity. Live your life beautifully.
JINTETSU: those who would use your swords with decency will be drawn to you.
JINTETSU: What sort of sword do you want to forge?
YOUNG TETSUKO: A sword that protects.
JINTETSU: Huh? I can't hear you.
YOUNG TETSUKO: A sword that protects people.
NIZO: It's too...bright...
TETSUKO: It would seem I haven't hammered long enough...
TETSUYA: Tetsuko... Become a good...
TETSUYA: swordsmi...
TETSUKO: I can't hear you... Brother...
TETSUKO: You have to tell me the way you always do...in your loud voice...
TETSUKO: I can't hear you.
KATSURA: But you were my comrade.
KAGURA: When did it all begin? When did our paths diverge?
TAKASUGI: Hmph. What're you talking about?
TAKASUGI: It's true that the two of us started in the same place.
TAKASUGI: we were heading in different directions.
TAKASUGI: Everyone is doing as they please.
TAKASUGI: We've all lived our lives...
TAKASUGI: looking towards different directions.
TAKASUGI: Nothing in me has changed since then.
TAKASUGI: What I look towards now hasn't changed a bit.
TAKASUGI: I...
SUPPORTER: Katsura-san is still...
SUPPORTER: What are those battleships?
SUPPORTER: Are they our allies coming to help?
SUPPORTER: No...that flag is...
SUPPORTER: Th-That can't be! What're they doing here?!
SUPPORTER: It's the Harusame! The Harusame space pirates!
TAKASUGI: I could've cared less.
TAKASUGI: Think about it.
TAKASUGI: Who was it that taught us how to use that sword you're holding?
TAKASUGI: Shoyo Sensei.
TAKASUGI: But this new world...
TAKASUGI: took him away from us.
TAKASUGI: How can we live comfortably and relish life in the world that took our master away from us?
TAKASUGI: It makes me angry to no end.
KATSURA: Takasugi...
KATSURA: You don't know how many times I've thought about wiping out this world clean slate.
KATSURA: But when I see Gintoki bearing it...
KATSURA: When I see...
KATSURA: I can no longer destroy this country.
KATSURA: I now have...
KATSURA: too many precious things here I care about.
KATSURA: You've become just a wild beast that enjoys destruction.
KATSURA: But I won't just stand and watch you destroy the people I care for.
KATSURA: There must be another way.
KATSURA: Other ways to change this country without costly sacrifices.
KATSURA: I'm sure that's what Shoyo Sensei would have wanted.
AMANTO A: It's Katsura.
AMANTO A: Stay back. He's mine.
KATSURA: Amanto?!
TAKASUGI: I was trying to link up with them to gain their backing.
TAKASUGI: When I present them with your head.
KATSURA: Takasugi!
TAKASUGI: I told you... I will destroy this rotten world.
SUPPORTER: Why are the Harusame here?!
SUPPORTER: That damn Takasugi joined forces with the Amanto to destroy the Bakufu!
TSUNPO: No need to worry.
KAGURA: Move... You're in the way!
SHINPACHI: Odd Jobs Gin-chan coming through!
GINTOKI: Ow ow.
AMANTO D: Ack... What's that?!
AMANTO E: No mistake! It's that samurai...
KATSURA: Out of my wayI I'm in a bad mood!
SUPPORTER: Katsura-san!
GINTOKI: Somebody break your heart or something?
KATSURA: Shut up. It's a new look. What about you? Get hit by a bomb?
GINTOKI: Shut up. It's a new look.
KATSURA: You call that a look?
SUPPORTER: Katsura-san! Your orders.
KATSURA: Retreat.
SUPPORTER: What?!
KATSURA: The Benizakura's been destroyed.
KATSURA: There's another ship behind us. Hurry.
AMANTO D: You're not getting away!
AMANTO E: Hunt down and kill every last one of them!
KATSURA: We'll secure your escape route.
GINTOKI: Go.
SHINPACHI: But...!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
AMANTO F: Go! Take their heads!
AMANTO G: D-Don't back down!
TSUNPO: So they're Gintoki Sakata and Kotaro Katsura...
TSUNPO: They're strong... I'd like to face them someday.
KATSURA: Gintoki!
GINTOKI: Huh?
KATSURA: You want me to kill you?!
KATSURA: Gintoki!
GINTOKI: Huh?
KATSURA: It would take a lot of mettle to kill you. I wouldn't take the job.
KATSURA: Takasugi! This is how it is!
GINTOKI/KATSURA: We'll cut you down...with every ounce of our strength!
GINTOKI: So you better watch out.
GINTOKI: Don't bump into us on the street!
KATSURA: Farewell!
AMANTO F: Don't let them get away!
GINTOKI: That's being well-prepared. Are you Lupin or something?
GINTOKI: [Note: Refers to the anime character Lupin III.]
KATSURA: We all started at the same place. And yet...
KATSURA: We're now worlds apart.
KATSURA: Gintoki... Do you remember this?
GINTOKI: Yeah...
GINTOKI: I tossed it after I spilled ramen on it.
YAMAZAKI: What? You want me to kill the boss of Odd Jobs?!
 Name:  Text
YAMAZAKI: You're mine!
MUSASHI: Wah!  It's huge!!
YAMAZAKI: You're not there yet.
YAMAZAKI: [Note: Ryoma's favorite phrase from Prince of Tennis]
 YAMA: (M)Kill him...? The Vice-Chief's not being reasonable.
 YAMA: (M)What's he thinking...?
 YAMA: (M)so maybe I should start by asking around.
OTSU: Huh? The Odd jobs? Thunder Dome?
YAMAZAKI: Th-That's right.
OTSU: Oh! That's no good!
YAMAZAKI: I want you to tell me a bit more about his private side. Death Note.
OTSU: About his private side?
OTSU: Hmm... I don't really know. Middle-aged...
OTSU: [Note: The person in the corner is from Mobile Suit Gundam.]
HASEGAWA: Huh? Gintoki Sakata?
YAMAZAKI: Yes. I'd like you to tell me anything you know about the Odd Jobs boss.
HASEGAWA: Thanks. That's considerate of you.
HASEGAWA: [Note: MA-DA-O is an acronym for "MAttaku DAme na Otoko" which means a totally hopeless man]
YAMAZAKI: Madao?
 YAMA: (M)but I don't think that's all there is to him.
 YAMA: (M)I think I need to find out and ask the people who are closer to him.
HASEGAWA: Are you listening?
YAMAZAKI: I see. I understand.
HASEGAWA: Are you listening?!
 YAMA: (M)It's no use...
YAMAZAKI: Boss!
YAMAZAKI: Odd Jobs Boss!
YAMAZAKI: I'm letting myself in.
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
YAMAZAKI: Boss?
YAMAZAKI: Boss.
YAMAZAKI: Boss.
YAMAZAKI: Are you in here? Not here?
CATHERINE: You. What're you doing there?
YAMAZAKI: N-No...I'm...
YAMAZAKI: You said it. You just said you're a thief.
CATHERINE: How dare you! I'm a former thief!
CATHERINE: What's with the cocky attitude!
CATHERINE: Don't look at me with those condescending eyes!
YAMAZAKI: What're you getting angry at me for?!
YAMAZAKI: Forgive me.
CATHERINE: I'll take it!
OTOSE/YAMAZAKI: It's not for you!
OTOSE: You said you wanted to see Gintoki?
OTOSE: He got hurt or something and is recuperating at Shinpachi's place.
YAMAZAKI: Recuperating?
 YAMA: (M)Shinpachi Shimura's home... A broken down dojo...
VOICE: 'Zaki-san! Look out!
YAMAZAKI: Not this time!
VOICE: Look Out!
YAMAZAKI: This is the place.
YAMAZAKI: It's bigger than I expected.
 YAMA: (M)But this is getting more suspicious.
 YAMA: (M)Could those injuries have been from that incident...?
HIJIKATA: Kill him!
 YAMA: (M)I don't feel safe... I want to go home.
KAGURA: Who's there?!
 YAMA: (M)Do they know?!
 YAMA: (M)Holy cow. The boss is good-he saw though everything.
 YAMA: (M)Huh? Muscat?
KAGURA: Are you talking about Marilyn? Prieza!
KAGURA: [Note: Spoof on Frieza from Dragonball.]
KAGURA: Dokaa. Bishi-bashi-bishi. Gufu. Dooon!
 YAMA: (M){\i1}She's reading JUMP out loud... How tedious.
KAGURA: No. JUMP is too stimulating for someone who's injured.
KAGURA: I'll read it to you.
 YAMA: (M)I'll sneak underneath.
KAGURA: Okay. Wait a minute. Something for Gin-chan...
GINTOKI: Never mind! That's enough! You're too young for this!
OTAE: I told you not to move around!
GINTOKI: There it is again! I thought I heard her say she'd hunt me down!
 YAMA: (M)That was close! I was almost skewered.
 YAMA: (M)But now I have a peephole. Now I can see inside the room.
OTAE: You must be getting hungry. I made you something to eat.
OTAE: I made rice gruel with egg.
GINTOKI: What kind of torture is this?
 YAMA: (M)What? A meal?
OTAE: Here you go.
 YAMA: (M)My eye!! Something's in my eye!!
 YAMA: (M)It burns!! My eye...my eye!
 YAMA: (M)No doubt about it! They know I'm here!
 YAMA: (M)If I don't quickly get away...
 YAMA: (M)I'll be killed...
OTAE: I have some more over there. I'll go get it.
GINTOKI: She's got to be kidding! I won't survive a recuperation like this!
SHINPACHI: All right.
OTAE: You think you can escape?!
OTAE: So now it's something of a fortress.
OTAE: Not even a mouse can escape
OTAE: from this iron fortress!
SHINPACHI: What happened to restoring the dojo?
OTSU: This is Tsu Terakado! Iodine solution!
OTSU: My first compilation album is now on sale! Jock itch!
OTSU: Tsu Terakado's compilation album:
OTSU: Forget Your Worldly Worries and Have Fun Today Necromancer is on sale at last!
YAMAZAKI: What?!
YAMAZAKI: Dammit! What's going on?
YAMAZAKI: How's it rigged to fall from above?! What's with this house?!
OTAE: There!
OTAE: Tsk.
YAMAZAKI: I should be safe out here...
YAMAZAKI: Wh-Wha-What is that?
YAMAZAKI: It can't be...could it?!
OTAE: Shin-chan! Concentrate fire on that location!
SHINPACHI: Okay.
YAMAZAKI: It's the Chief! It's all the fault of that fool's stupid daily behavior.
KONDO: then the reverse of that means it becomes an impenetrable love nest for you and me!
KONDO: That's right. That's what it means.
KONDO: I was kidding! Only kidding!
KONDO: Let's get out of here quickly!
YAMAZAKI: You're still unsteady even thirty years after you were born.
SACHAN: You're too soft.
SACHAN: Did you really think a trap like this was going to break my feelings for Gin-san?
SACHAN: That's it. That's what it means.
YAMAZAKI: There's another idiot here!
SACHAN: That voice is Gin-san's!
SACHAN: He's come to rescue me!
SACHAN: You can't fool me!
YAMAZAKI: What?!
YAMAZAKI: Were these pits specifically designed to catch obsessed freaks?
YAMAZAKI: Shut up!
KONDO: What?!
KONDO: You mean that Odd Jobs bastard is sleeping under the same roof as Otae-san?!
YAMAZAKI: What're you getting at?
YAMAZAKI: Remember the investigation! You sent me to investigate the Odd Jobs boss!
KONDO: Don't give me that!
KONDO: That's...I mean...not fair!
KONDO: but I never get closer than a room full of bamboo stakes.
YAMAZAKI: This is hopeless. He's not listening at all.
SACHAN: What? You're losing heart just because of that?
SACHAN: You're an embarrassment to stalkers.
SACHAN: You should appreciate the fact that a person like her even exists.
SACHAN: Maybe you're lacking the masochistic feeling.
KONDO: but don't lump me together with you!
KONDO: That's all it is!
YAMAZAKI: That's a stalker.
SACHAN: That's funny.
SACHAN: You won't even admit you're a stalker.
YAMAZAKI: What should I do?
KONDO: Why not kill? Shall I do it for you?
SACHAN: Go ahead and try.
GINTOKI: Good grief... Why does this happen to me...?
KONDO: Gintoki!
SACHAN: No you don't!
OTAE: Found you!
 YAMA: (M)Vice-Chief...
 YAMA: (M)That man isn't a person someone like me can comprehend.
 YAMA: (M)He seems to be a strange sort. I can't tell if he's loved or despised.
 YAMA: (M)but people are attracted to him.
 YAMA: (M)What? You haven't heard?
 YAMA: (M)Is he an Anti-Foreigner loyalist?
 YAMA: (M)Well...I couldn't really tell.
 YAMA: (M)But...
TETSUKO: Excuse me...
TETSUKO: Excuse me. Is Gin-san here?
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
YAMAZAKI: I don't think you should go in there right now. It's dangerous. 'Bye.
TETSUKO: Then...
TETSUKO: Can I at least leave a message?
TETSUKO: Tell him...I'm truly grateful.
 YAMA: (M)He probably doesn't even think about the Anti-Foreigner Faction's activities or politics like that.
 YAMA: (M)I'm sure he just wanted...
 YAMA: (M)to see that girl's smiling face. That's how I feel. Sagaru Yamazaki.
HIJIKATA: A composition?!
GINTOKI: What's this? I'm in worse shape than I was before.
Next time: The next episode... "The Preview Section in JUMP is Always Unreliable."
 Name:  Text
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [A girl who can see the future and a ninja with hemorrhoids. The ending of the story cannot be changed...]
 ZENZ: (M)A dog is loyal to his master.
 ZENZ: (M)A dog will sacrifice his life for the sake of his master.
 ZENZ: (M)He takes pride in living an honorable life.
 ZENZ: (M)Cats are different.
 ZENZ: (M)Ours is neither a beautiful nor ugly life. In it...
 ZENZ: (M)we are only attached to our skills as Shinobi.
 ZENZ: (M)Our supreme joy is perfecting our Shinobi skills into the ultimate art.
ZENZO: Lots of time to spare. A perfect job.
ZENZO: My hemorrhoids!
GINTOKI: What? Not again?
GINTOKI: What's with this scooter? Are people drawn to it?
ZENZO: You again?! Who the hell are you?!
GINTOKI: Nothing. But it seems like my scooter got sucked into your anus.
ZENZO: Quit talking about my butthole like it's some parking stall!
ZENZO: I don't have time for this!
GINTOKI: Huh? Hey!!
 ZENZ: (M)Will I make it in time?!
ZENZO: Excuse me! I have a delivery from Nin Nin Pizza!
OKUNI: My nanny will find out. Be quiet.
ZENZO: Umm... I'm delivering a pizza.
OKUNI: That's JUMP.
ZENZO: Why that jerk!!
OKUNI: Never mind. I've wanted to read this week's issue anyway.
OKUNI: Thank you.
OKUNI: your buttocks will suffer a great misfortune.
OKUNI: Be careful.
ZENZO: What?
GINTOKI: Hey! Gimme back my JUMP!
ZENZO: What the hell do you want? Really? What is it?!
GINTOKI: I carried your pizza all the way over here and that's all you have to say to me?!
ZENZO: Why're you eating it?!
GINTOKI: You're mistaken.
GINTOKI: It's like the pizza wants to be sucked into my mouth...
ZENZO: You're the one sucking it up!
ZENZO: Your brain is what's melting!
 ZENZ: (M)this is called "The Truth Behind Jaian Looking Like a Nice Guy in the Movie Version."
ZENZO: Piece of cake. An easy target. I can get in from anywhere.
SAIZO: [Note: Marishiten is a Buddhist deity. A patron goddess of warriors.]
SAIZO: Okuni the Clairvoyant.
SAIZO: various arts of divination including Yin-Yang fortune-telling and I-Ching.
SAIZO: [Note: I-Ching is an ancient Chinese cosmology/philosophy tome that describes a system to identify order in the chaos of random events.]
SAIZO: She has predicted the occurrence of many events.
SAIZO: A shrine maiden prodigy.
OKUNI: Get rid of Ravedoor stocks!
SAIZO: She is a tree upon which gold grows.
SAIZO: We have great use for her. And my new master is quite taken by her.
SAIZO: But only we are capable of pulling this off.
SAIZO: Kidnapping someone who can foresee such a scheme.
SAIZO: Here is an advance.
SAIZO: The remainder will be paid upon completion of the job.
ZENZO: Huh? This is Porraginol.
ZENZO: [Note: Refers to Borraginol; a brand name for hemorrhoid cream.]
ZENZO: I know I asked for Porraginol. But this one's the cream!
 ZENZ: (M)After living in the regular world away from the secluded world of the Shinobi for so long...
 ZENZ: (M)I'm painfully aware of just how terrible the Shinobi world was.
 ZENZ: (M)It's like watching the TV version of Jaian after you've already seen the movie version.
OKUNI: I've been expecting you.
ZENZO: You're an interesting kid. I guess you really can predict everything.
OKUNI: What's so interesting about that?
OKUNI: There's no fun to life when you can see the future.
ZENZO: You knew I was coming yet you didn't run away.
ZENZO: Is that because you knew I didn't intend to do anything today?
OKUNI: This week's issue!
ZENZO: Sorry about the pizza the other night.
ZENZO: I'm very commited when it comes to completing a job.
OKUNI: How strange.
OKUNI: I have the power of divination and can foresee many things.
OKUNI: But I cannot predict what will be in the next issue of JUMP.
OKUNI: I didn't foresee this. I didn't see that Maison de Penguin would end.
OKUNI: [Note: A manga serialized in SHONEN JUMP.]
ZENZO: Is that what you meant?
OKUNI: This is so much fun.
OKUNI: Let's see. I'd like a Shojo manga next time.
OKUNI: [Note: Shojo manga is manga created for the young girl audience.]
ZENZO: You're not gonna run away?
OKUNI: I don't need clairvoyance to see what's coming next.
OKUNI: To see what lies in my future.
OKUNI: This power...I wish I never had it.
NANNY1: Okuni-sama!
NANNY1: Okuni-sama!
OKUNI: It'll be troublesome if they see you.
OKUNI: Oh wait...
OKUNI: It's a promise. Next time bring me a Shojo manga.
SHINPACHI: And you want to hire the Odd Jobs as her bodyguards?
NANNY1: Precisely.
GINTOKI: we'll do anything whether it's babysitting a kid or taking care of the elderly.
GINTOKI: But just who is this Okuni-sama?
NANNY2: Okuni-sama is a special child who can foresee the future.
KAGURA: Seriously?
SHINPACHI: She can predict the future? Then let's ask her to foretell our future!
NANNY1: We just want you to guard her!
OKUNI: I do not need to be protected!
NANNY: Okuni-sama!
NANNY2: How can you say you don't need any protection?!
NANNY1: We are only thinking of your safety!
SHINPACHI: She's...?
KAGURA: She's still so young. She's probably never even fallen in love.
GINTOKI: Neither have you.
OKUNI: Misfortune will befall them if they get involved with me.
NANNY1: What are you saying?!
NANNY2: Now hurry and return to your room.
GINTOKI: Hold it!
SHINPACHI: Huh? Me?
KAGURA: Whoa!!
KAGURA/GINTOKI: She was right!
GINTOKI: I'm serious this time.
OKUNI: Do not worry. You will get it immediately.
GINTOKI: Immediately...?
NANNY2: Stop your foolishness!
NANNY2: And start guarding Okuni-sama 24 hours a day!
NANNY1: Here...
NANNY1: For your services.
GINTOKI/KAGURA: No kidding!
OKUNI: Remember that I told you.
OKUNI: Nothing good comes from getting close to me!
OKUNI: You're too close to me!
SHINPACHI: We will protect you wherever you go!
OKUNI: I'm going to the toilet. Let me at least go there alone!
GINTOKI: Okuni-sama is heading for the toilet. Over!
SHINPACHI: Roger! She will arrive at the toilet in twenty seconds. Over!
OKUNI: Meaningless dispatches. This is so unnecessary.
SHINPACHI: Okuni-sama just made a retort. Over.
GINTOKI: Roger. She will look exasperated from now on. Over.
OKUNI: It's not necessary to report every little thing.
KAGURA: All green. Please make your way to the toilet.
OKUNI: What kind of trap can be set in a toilet?
KAGURA: How about bakyuun then?
OKUNI: What kind of doo-doo is that?!
NANNY2: Please eat your fill.
NANNY1 and 2: Not you three!!
KAGURA: Seconds on this!
NANNY1: You're eating it all up!
NANNY2: And you're asking for seconds!
GINTOKI: What're you saying?! The poison might not be limited to what's here!
NANNY1: Don't use soy sauce!
NANNY2: It's an insult to the chef!
GINTOKI: A deep-fried dish without soy sauce on it is like
GINTOKI: What's wrong with panties?! We've done our share of revealing too!
NANNY1: What are you talking about?!
SHINPACHI: Still...
SHINPACHI: That girl reads the same issue of JUMP over and over again.
GINTOKI: JUMP is a magazine you must read over and over again...
GINTOKI: because you can't control yourself.
KAGURA: No kidding?
KAGURA: but keep meeting your lover over and over again.
GINTOKI: That's why it's easy to read it over and over again.
OKUNI: I understand.
GINTOKI: Huh? You agree?
GINTOKI: I mean the teacher might have made a mistake while grading.
OKUNI: Sort of like "our battle is just beginning."
GINTOKI: You're right. Manga endings might always be the same.
OKUNI: Don't you agree?
GINTOKI: However...
GINTOKI: We can change...
GINTOKI: the ending.
OKUNI: This power...I wish I never had it.
 ZENZ: (M)It's not that I don't think it's tragic.
 ZENZ: (M)It's not as though I don't want to help her.
 ZENZ: (M)When my emotions disappear...
 ZENZ: (M)and my body becomes a mere tool with which to carry out a job...
ZENZO: When my body melds into the darkness...
ZENZO: I feel truly alive.
ZENZO: I am a cat to the core.
NINJA A: Impressive.
NINJA A: No wonder he was once the leader of the Oniwabanshu.
NINJA A: He singlehandedly took control of the mansion.
NINJA B: There's no need for us to get involved.
SAIZO: No...
NANNY1 / 2: Okuni-sama!
NANNY1: Intruders in the mansion!
OKUNI: I know.
SHINPACHI: Huh?!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
NINJA A: Oh... You're very confident.
GINTOKI: Are you laundry men?
NINJA A: That girl is Okuni the Clairvoyant. She is coming with us!
NANNY1 / 2: Okuni-sama!
GINTOKI: Huh? You came to collect her? So you just barge into someone's house like this?
GINTOKI: I didn't pay.
GINTOKI: [Note: Refers to NHK - national television station bill collectors who make home visits to collect fees.]
GINTOKI: But I don't watch your programs.
OKUNI: Take me where you will. I'm prepared.
ZENZO: Your power of clairvoyance... I want you to foretell something for me.
NINJA B: There!!
NINJA B: What...is this?!
ZENZO: What are the odds of me winning if I betray those guys and come over to your side?
OKUNI: St...
OKUNI: Stop. Or you'll die!!
ZENZO: Sounds good. That'll make fighting them more worthwhile.
NINJA C: You traitor!
OKUNI: Never mind me. Make your escape!
ZENZO: Escape? Where? Are there some things you can't see?
SAIZO: You are a pitiful man who cannot live unless it's amidst death.
SAIZO: I know what you're like.
SAIZO: And I know to be cautious when dealing with an extremely sharp sword.
SAIZO: As expected from someone who injects medicine up his butt everyday.
ZENZO: Your aim is perfect.
SAIZO: I don't inject it! I use suppositories!
ZENZO: Is that all I am to you?! Hemorrhoids?!
SAIZO: Damn right!
SAIZO: Did you see that? Our attack will surge forth upon you like an overflowing toilet.
ZENZO: Get away from my ass!
OKUNI: Ah...
SAIZO: Give it up. You can't change this ending.
ZENZO: I don't know about that.
SAIZO: You fool! Pray that the netherworld has bidets!
OKUNI: You idiot...
OKUNI: I told you...
OKUNI: You can't change what I see... There's no ending you can change!
ZENZO: There is.
SAIZO: Wha... N-No way...
OKUNI: ...H-How...?
ZENZO: Sorry. It got cut.
ZENZO: You won't be able to read it anymore.
 ZENZ: (M)I'll say it over and over again. A Shinobi is a cat.
 ZENZ: (M)And he'll do rotten things without a care in the world.
THE ENDPREVIEWGINTOKI: What? An undercover report on Zura?!
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Eating Nmaibo Can Make You Full in No Time!"
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Japanese snack "Umai Bo." A popular stick snack that comes in many different flavors.]
 Name:  Text
KUSANO: Our "The Edo" crew has successfully contacted a major figure of the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
HANANO: [Note: Hanano-saki sounds like "tip of the nose" in Japanese]
HANANO: He is well-known to the Anti-Foreigner Faction...
HANANO: yet is elusive like a phantom.
HANANO: He saves the weak and conquers the powerful... The last samurai.
KUSANO: He is considered a major figure by the police department.
HANANO: we cannot reveal his real name and we've kept his face hidden.
HANANO: We were permitted only one day to interview him.
KUSANO: The mysterious veil shrouding the Anti-Foreigner Faction is about to be lifted and the truth revealed.
KUSANO: Where do they see this country going and what do they think must be done?
KATSURA: Hello.
HANANO: Thank you for agreeing to our interview.
KATSURA: Not K-san. It's Katsura.
KATSURA: It's not K-tsura-san. It's Katsura!
HANANO: Umm... Are you sure you want to give your real name?
KATSURA: Oh right. Add in a "pii."
KATSURA: [Note: "pii" as in a bleep censor]
KATSURA: Not [censor beep]! It's Katsura!
KATSURA: Distort?! What? Is my face distorted right now?!
KATSURA: Remove it right now! Doing such an obscene thing to a person's face is unacceptable!
KATSURA: Don't do me any favors!
HANANO: Oh but...
KATSURA: I am a master of disguise. I am under disguise right now.
KATSURA: A woman should not speak of "revealing" herself.
HANANO: Why did you agree to this close-up interview today?
KATSURA: Well...
KATSURA: Many people are afraid of us because we have been labeled as
HANANO: Most people in society do believe that.
KATSURA: It's true that there are robbers and bandits.
IKUMATSU: Enjoy.
HANANO: Thank you.
KATSURA: Most of us love this nation and want to change it.
KATSURA: We want people to understand that we are loyal patriots.
HANANO: ...I see.
KATSURA: Secondly...
KATSURA: Secondly... Huh?
KATSURA: It's hard to eat with this on!
KATSURA: The moustache gets in the way!
HANANO: K-Katsura-san!
HANANO: Your...face is in plain view! ...
KATSURA: A woman shouldn't speak about anything being in plain view!
HANANO: I didn't mean it like that!
KATSURA: She scolded me.
KATSURA: Don't use that phrase!
KATSURA: Hmm... Where were we?
HANANO: Yes... you were answering my question about why you agreed to our interview.
HANANO: And you want each viewer to ponder about what can be done for this country.
HANANO: Am I correct?
KATSURA: That's just what I wanted to say.
HANANO: Excuse me! Please don't "shoot from the hip" like that that.
KATSURA: Don't use uncouth phrases like "massage the hip"!
HANANO: He totally misunderstood.
KATSURA: you must not forget hidden meanings and flavors.
HANANO: Yes. So may I go on to the next question?
KATSURA: Elizabeth!
KATSURA: What's wrong? What happened?!
HANANO: What is happening?! A strange creature has crashed into our interview site!
KATSURA: That's no strange creature! That's Elizabeth!
OKITA: Katsura!
OKITA: Your number is up today!
HANANO: I-It's the Shinsengumi! What is going on?!
HANANO: They knew where the interview was taking place!
OKITA: Die! Katsura!!
KATSURA: It's about time I left...
HANANO: Huh? Is this part of the schedule?
KATSURA: Of course! Can the cameraman follow?
OKITA: Katsura!
IKUMATSU: Hey! What's the big idea crashing my place like this?!
HANANO: Does this happen a lot?
KATSURA: Especially during mealtimes and when I'm asleep.
HANANO: When most people tend to be off their guard.
KATSURA: Exactly.
KATSURA: They can attack at mealtimes if they like...
KATSURA: Because I have Tasty Stick snacks on me at all times.
KATSURA: This one's corn potage.
KATSURA: I love the rich flavor as it goes down my throat.
KATSURA: must live life prepared to die.
SQUAD MEMBER: Katsura!!
KATSURA: That was a battle cry! You mistook it for "Uryahh!"
KATSURA: Tasty Stick! Corn Potage!
HANANO: We managed to escape.
HANANO: It's a morning filled with heroism. Truly like an Anti-Foreigner patriot.
KATSURA: Look.
KATSURA: There are others besides us who walk on rooftops.
KATSURA: They too are Anti-Foreigner patriots.
KATSURA: Hey! Good morning.
KATSURA: That's Gosaku. He must've had a fight with his wife again.
HANANO: And you haven't done anything that an Anti-Foreigner patriot would do!
KATSURA: Real political activism... The Anti-Foreigner movement...
HANANO: Wow! He seems to be making some sensible statements
HANANO: and trying to connect them to these confusing events!
KATSURA: Stay tuned! Don't change that channel.
 CAPTION (On Elizabeth: (On Elizabeths sign)[Don't change that channel!!]
 CAPTION (On : (On screen){\an2}[THE EDO]\N[The Dawning of Japan Special The Unstoppable - One day undercover]
RONIN: Katsura-san! Elizabeth-san! Good morning!
KATSURA: We'll distort all your faces.
RONIN: Right!
KATSURA: This has never been made public before.
KATSURA: It's the secret meeting place of the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
KATSURA: This is the first time people other than our comrades have been inside.
SQUAD MEMBER C RONIN: That battle strategy couldn't be helped!
RONIN: And that's why you'll accept it?! What a masochistic viewpoint!
KATSURA: Anti-Foreigner Faction members mainly exchange information.
KATSURA: They're reporting on the results of their actions.
KATSURA: And the refreshment during these times...
KATSURA: is salami-flavored Tasty Stick .
HANANO: Salami flavor? I like that too.
KATSURA: is exchange information.
RONIN A: Masochistic?!
RONIN A: That's just Otsu-dono's sales strategy!
RONIN B: No! Otsu-dono has clearly stated that she is seeing Goemon.
RONIN A: Why you...! And you call yourself a member of the Otsu Fan Club?!
RONIN A: I'll tell the president about you!
RONIN A: I'll punish you for that! Stay right there!
RONIN B: No way! You're the one who should admit the two are seeing each other!
RONIN A: What?! Otsu-dono is being fooled! That's why I refuse to admit it!
RONIN B: Get real! It makes no difference if she's being fooled with money or violence!
RONIN A: Silence! Silence! Silence!
RONIN A: You're no better than a natto-flavored Tasty Stick!
RONIN A: [Note: Natto = fermented soy beans]
RONIN B: And what's wrong with natto-flavored sticks?!
 CAPTION (Elizabeth: (Elizabeths sign)[Stop fighting.]
HANANO: I heard names that usually appear in entertainment gossip columns.
HANANO: I see.
KATSURA: Still...
RONIN A/B: K-Katsura-san... We're sorry.
HANANO: Only a few words uttered and the ronin...
KATSURA: I like Goemon quite a bit!
KATSURA: He's the embodiment of the unsightliness of the entertainment world and he's refreshing!
HANANO: Huh?
OKITA: Katsura!!
 CAPTION(Elizabeths: (Elizabeths sign)[It's the Shinsengumi!!]
KATSURA: And that's how the meetings usually end.
HANANO: You're the worst pain! You're just being followed!
HANANO: You brought those guys from this morning!
KATSURA: Gosaku! Get away quickly! They're here!
OKITA: Katsura!!
HANANO: We got away somehow. I'm really exhausted.
KATSURA: The real thing is just starting.
HANANO: Important personage? Who is he?!
KATSURA: Someone we cannot do without.
HANANO: Is he out?
GINTOKI: I said I don't have the rent!
HANANO: Katsura-san!!
KATSURA: You are destined to fight alongside me.
KATSURA: Let us change this rotten world together!
GINTOKI: This part is hard to reattach.
KATSURA: Oh... I admit this is not a simple request.
GINTOKI: This will do.
KATSURA: But it's possible with you and I.
KATSURA: The one who hides his trump card until the last moment is the winner.
KATSURA: Gintoki... I wonder if he'll act the same when he sees this.
HANANO: the chocolate-flavored Tasty Stick that was your trump card has been nabbed.
KATSURA: What?!
KATSURA: By whom?!
KATSURA: Ouch!
KATSURA: Oh no... There's no need for tea.
KATSURA: No. Huh? Really? Thanks. Please don't bother.
HANANO: What exactly are you doing here?!
OKIRA: Katsura!!
OKITA: Surrender nice and easy.
HANANO: Ngoh! They're here again!
HANANO: Shut up! This isn't the time for that!
KATSURA: Don't pull me out. It'll leave a hole and Gintoki will scold me.
HANANO: Do you...intend to...
HANANO: live here...forever...?!
KATSURA: All right.
KATSURA: drink and look at some old photos...
HANANO: What are you talking about?!
HANANO: Do you want a letter?
HANANO: maybe you were a wimp who was always teased for looking like a girl.
HANANO: Or a teacher from grade school said some embarrassing things about you!!
HANANO: Is that what you want?!
KATSURA: Don't tell me you don't have a letter?
HANANO: Of course not! We're not interested in any of your friends!
KATSURA: I figured as much and already have one ready.
HANANO: Just how prepared are you?! Just how much is according to your plans?!
HANANO: You wrote it?! That's enough to make me cry!
OKITA: Eat this!!
HANANO: That's not the point!
KATSURA: Where is the boundary between "the real" and "the fake"?
HANANO: What?! Are you judging the mass media?!
HANANO: Up front!! Up ahead! Ahead!
KATSURA: Make sure you get this on camera!
KATSURA: This is how an Anti-Foreigner patriot lives!
HANANO: I've been nervous about that for a while.
HANANO: Careful! That camera is really old!
KATSURA: It was better than Jackie himself!
KATSURA: [Note: He's referring to Jackie Chan.]
KATSURA: Good.
HANANO: Where am I?!
KATSURA: Huh? You just noticed?
KATSURA: We're in the middle of shooting an action scene that surpasses even Jackie's!
HANANO: What do you mean? I don't understand!
KATSURA: Propaganda must be convincing and have images full of power and intensity!
HANANO: Back home? You're gonna send it back?!
OKITA: Katsura...
OKITA: It's time to say your prayers.
KATSURA: Don't panic. I'm The Unstoppable.
KATSURA: what kind of people we Anti-Foreigner patriots were!
HANANO: Katsura-san?!
KATSURA: I'm counting on you.
HANANO: Katsura-san!!
HANANO: Huh? Huh?!
HANANO: Katsura-san...
OKITA: Damn it! Let's go!
KATSURA: Bye bee!
 CAPTION (Elizabeth: (Elizabeths sign)[Bye bee]
SQUAD MEMBERS E/F/G: No way!
OKITA: You're one of Katsura's friends.
OKITA: Don't lie. You're coming with me for questioning!
HANANO: No!
OKITA: What's this?
 KATS: (M)To everyone in the Shinsengumi...
 KATS: (M)but please don't lay a hand on the woman in front of you.
 KATS: (M)She is simply a journalist and I made her come do a story on me.
 KATS: (M)I admire you all for putting yourselves in harm's way in order to report the truth.
 KATS: (M)Kotaro Katsura.
 KATS: (M)P.S.!
OKITA: What is this?
 KATS: (M)All Shinsengumi should die!
HANANO: The thing to look for is the long hair. This messy long hair.
HANANO: please call the police immediately.
PREVIEWKAGURA: The next episode! Beetle hunting!
 Name:  Text
SHIN-CHAN: I lost again! Damn it! I've been totally defeated!
KEN-CHAN: [Note: Akebono is a former sumo wrestler.]
KEN-CHAN: Way tougher than the real Akebono!
YO-CHAN: That's because he eats a different type of food than your ragged-looking beetles.
KAGURA: [Reference to Tetsujin No. 28]
KAGURA: My Sadaharu No. 28 doesn't eat the same food your beetles eat either.
KAGURA: It's a dung beetle.
YO-CHAN: Hey! You mean it eats poop?!
KAGURA: Right. Isn't it amazing? Isn't it self-sufficient?
KAGURA: Isn't it really great?
YO-CHAN: You're the amazing one for grabbing such a thing!
YO-CHAN: Don't you know the rules?!
YO-CHAN: This is a game of rhinoceros beetle sumo wrestling!
YO-CHAN: That's enough! Get lost!
OKITA: There's no one left on my squad who can win against...
KEN-CHAN: He's so immature. What is he thinking?
KAGURA: Sadaharu...
KAGURA: Sadaharu No. 21...
OPENING SONGCAPTION: [This show is GinTama. It's not XX-King.]
KAGURA: Beetle hunting time!
KAGURA: Beetle hunting time!
KAGURA: Beetle hunting time!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: What are you screaming about?!
KAGURA: I'm going beetle hunting. What do you think?
SHINPACHI: What do I think?
SHINPACHI: Just go.
KAGURA: Don't say "Just go"!
KAGURA: Listen! I'm out of patience!
KAGURA: That bastard killed my sweet Sadaharu No. 28!
KAGURA: And even Akebono-X was defeated. He took all our beetles.
KAGURA: So please teach me how to catch a beetle.
SHINPACHI: Having beetles do sumo seems to have become very popular lately.
KAGURA: You didn't hear me at all!
GINTOKI: No kidding. Why should I go catch beetles at my age?
MADOMOISELLE ANNOUNCER: What?!
MADOMOISELLE ANNOUNCER: Is this beetle that expensive? You can buy a car at that price!
MADOMOISELLE ANNOUNCER: so even adults are getting involved. And the beetle boom is booming.
GINTOKI: Beetle hunting time!
SHINPACHI: Why do we always end up like this?
GINTOKI: We're not going home until we've caught a giant beetle.
GINTOKI: This is serious business. Business!
GINTOKI: Don't get excited and think we're here for camping!
KAGURA: Don't worry. I'm prepared. I bought plenty of food.
GINTOKI: Idiot! You're too excited!
GINTOKI: It does!
GINTOKI: Everything you put in your mouth is counted as a snack.
KAGURA: Are you sure about that?
KAGURA: I know you secretly put Pocari in your water bottle!
KAGURA: [Note: Pocari Sweat is a sports drink.]
GINTOKI: That isn't Pocari. The bottle was just dirty.
SHINPACHI: I hope you guys get swallowed up by the forest...
SHINPACHI: I'm surprised we can't find any...
KAGURA: I thought we'd find them easily... What should we do?
GINTOKI: Pour honey all over your body and stand still. They'll come running.
KAGURA: His whole body was covered with honey.
GINTOKI: Don't worry. He's an elf. A Tree Sap elf.
GINTOKI: He protects the forest that way.
KAGURA: It's Gorilla. It was Gorilla.
GINTOKI: Then he's the gorilla elf. He's protecting the gorillas.
SHINPACHI: That doesn't make any sense at all.
KAGURA: He was brushing mayonnaise on that tree.
GINTOKI: Don't worry. He's a mayonnaise sprite.
GINTOKI: That's how they mark their territory.
SHINPACHI: But I'm sure I've seen him somewhere before.
KAGURA: [Note: The way he says this is a homonym for "smiling penis".]
SHINPACHI: He's making this stuff up.
SHINPACHI: Whoa! Wh-What's the hell is that?!
GINTOKI: Wow! Incredible! Look at the size of that thing!!
GINTOKI: Why are you just standing there?! Hurry up and knock it down!
KAGURA: Come on! Drop!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: All right!
KAGURA: Now I can avenge Sadaharu No. 28...
OKITA: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Take this!
KAGURA: What are you doing here?!
OKITA: Isn't it obvious?
GINTOKI: The only obvious thing is that you're an idiot.
OKITA: Um... I was pretending to be their friend... and trying to get close to them.
OKITA: Now it's all messed up.
SHINPACHI: What are we doing?
SHINPACHI: Is that something a person completely covered in honey has the right to ask?
KONDO: We're police officers. Now answer the question.
HIJIKATA: We don't have to explain anything to someone like you.
KODO: It's to catch beetles.
HIJIKATA: He said it. Isn't there something more...?
SHINPACHI: To catch beetles?!
GINTOKI: Are you guys crazy?
KONDO: This is serious work!
KAGURA: Are you kidding?!
KAGURA: We came all the way here to catch the phantom giant beetle!
KAGURA: I want to avenge Sadaharu No. 28!
OKITA: What are you talking about?
OKITA: You were watching a beetle match and you got so excited you crushed your dung beetle yourself!
KAGURA: But who made me so excited?! Whose fault was that?!
GINTOKI: It was you.
KONDO: I told you to stop.
OKITA: And catching beetles by painting the forest with mayonnaise isn't unorthodox?
KONDO: I said it's impossible. Let's go with Operation Honey!
ALL: It's time for beetle hunting!
HIJIKATA: I'm ordering you to go home!
GINTOKI: Bite me! I won't let you keep them all for yourself.
KAGURA: Beetle hunting time!
OKITA: Beetle Smash!
GINTOKI: Beetle... Kick!
KONDO: Bee...
KONDO: ...tle...?!
KONDO: Crash!!
GINTOKI: Beetle...
HIJIKATA: I won't let you say that!
GINTOKI: I'll say it... Beetle...
OKITA: Bee...
KAGURA: ...eee...
OKITA/KAGURA: ...tle...
KAGURA/OKITA: Buster!
YAMAZAKI: It's gone...
SHINPACHI: It sure is gone...
HIJIKATA: They're sure to make trouble if they learn the truth.
KONDO: Right! We'll search for it all night.
KONDO: We have to return "Rurimaru" to Shogun-sama as soon as possible.
SAMURAI: Yeah!
OKITA: That girl...I'll beat her this time...
KAGURA: This curry isn't very tasty.
KAGURA: I told you I like country-style curry with
KAGURA: potato and vegetables melted into a thick stew.
GINTOKI: Shut up! Why are you speaking with a Kansai accent?!
KAGURA: You have to saut the onions to a golden brown. That's the cardinal rule of cooking curry!
GINTOKI: Ah! How 'bout I saut you to a golden brown?
KAGURA: Ah? How 'bout I microwave you till you explode?
SHINPACHI: You guys have been on edge ever since we met the Shinsengumi.
KAGURA: A mosquito...
SHINPACHI: Let's go back to what I was talking about...
GINTOKI: A mosquito...
SHINACHI: Are you using mosquitoes as an excuse to take out your frustrations on me?
GINTOKI: I see. Then I'll make city-style curry next time.
SHINPACHI: You're so optimistic! You know how many years I've been around you?!
KAGURA: The curry! The city-style curry!
KAGURA: How could you do this to me?! I was going to have seconds!
GINTOKI: I only had two bites! What are you going to do about this?!
SHINPACHI: I didn't even take a bite! Understand?!
YAMAZAKI: They have a falling out just over mosquitoes.
HIJIAKTA: Not necessarily. You never know with these guys.
SHINPACHI: I'm so hungry I can't sleep.
GINTOKI: It's all in your head.
GINTOKI: At least you ate a whole plate!
KAGURA: What's that smell?!
OKITA: Yummy! Nothing beats a barbecue when you're camping!
YAMAZAKI: You can eat curry at our house anytime!
YAMAZAKI: And it was a pain to haul pickled vegetables out here!
YAMAZAKI: So mayonnaise isn't...
HIJIKATA: Bastard! Are you disrespecting mayonnaise?!
HIJIKATA: Mayonnaise goes well with everything!
OKITA: The mosquitoes will eat you alive if you sleep in a cheap tent like that.
OKITA: Oops! I dropped it!
OKITA: All right.
OKITA: Look at their faces.
OKITA: It's only a matter of time before they get so hungry they leave the forest... Huh?!
GINTOKI: There's nothing like pickled seaweed when you're camping.
KAGURA: Barbecue? Isn't that tacky? Isn't it too ordinary?
KAGURA: Isn't it boring? City people eat pickled seaweed.
HIJIKATA: What?!
HIJIKATA: They're roasting pickled seaweed and eating it!
YAMAZAKI: That looks pathetic! So pathetic!
HIJIKATA: Who are you calling tax thieves?
HIJIKATA: There's no way we're gonna give you our barbecue.
KAGURA: It's going to be... U...a problem... U...
SAMURAI D: How could you do that?! Now I don't feel like eating anymore!
KONDO: I see...
KONDO: All we caught were ordinary beetles...
HIJIKATA: But why did you have to put honey all over yourselves?!
KONDO: Shogun-sama said he lost Rurimaru while recuperating at his second villa in this forest.
KONDO: Where could Rurimaru be?
HIJIKATA: He went off on his own again.
HIJIKATA: He's such a rogue. He's been shaking down kids for their beetles. So rotten.
KONDO: Rurimaru looks like a glittering jewel of living gold.
HIJIKATA: A glittering jewel of living gold... Does a bug like that really...
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Shinpachi!
KAGURA: Look! Look at that! There's something strange over there!
GINTOKI: Huh? Does something weird mean a gorilla covered in mayonnaise again?
GINTOKI: You always find something weird.
KAGURA: It's a shiny golden beetle!
KONDO: What?!
HIJIKATA: She found it so easily!
KONDO: No! That is...
HIJIKATA: Wait!
SHINPACHI: Did you just hear a weird voice?
GINTOKI: Don't worry about everything.
HIJIKATA: Calm down.
SHINPACHI: Isn't it a toy or something?
KAGURA: But it looks so cool! It's so shiny.
GINTOKI: I said no. They're infested in poop.
HIJIKATA: Yes!
HIJIKATA: They left! They really are imbeciles!!
KONDO: Now! Hurry up and get Rurimaru!
HIJIKATA: Rurimaru...!
KONDO/HIJIKATA: No! This terrible!
GINTOKI: Whoa! It's gross! There's a blow-fly on your head!
GINTOKI: W-Wait! Don't move! Don't move!
GINTOKI: You've got cooties!
 KOND: (M)Stop! That's the Shogun's pet!
KAGURA: Ow! That hurts!
KONDO: Wait! Wait! Wait!
KONDO: Don't do it!! That is...
KONDO: Whoa! Ruri...Rurimaru!
KAGURA: That hurts!
KONDO: Wait! It's not a blow-fly. It's... That's actually...
KAGURA: This little one flew to me because he likes me.
KAGURA: He must be Sadaharu No. 28's successor.
GINTOKI: Shogun's...what?
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: The Shogun's pet?
HIJIKATA: That's right.
SHINPACHI: So that's it. I knew you were up to something.
GINTOKI: What a tough assignment for a government official.
HIJIKATA: That's why I didn't want to tell him.
GINTOKI: It's 60%!
KONDO: Huh?
KONDO: It's Rurimaru.
KONDO: It's Rurimaru.
GINTOKI: So I'm saying I take 60% of it.
KONDO: It's Rurimaru.
HIJIKATA: That's why I didn't want to tell him.
KONDO: I agree.
SHINPACHI: Sweet!
KONDO: Sogo?!
GINTOKI: Kagura? Huh? What is she doing? I have a bad feeling...
GINTOKI: Kagura!
KONDO: Sogo! What are you doing?!
KAGURA: I'm going to avenge Sadaharu No. 28. I'm challenging you to a duel.
OKITA: I knew you'd come. I've prepared my best bug for this occasion.
KAGURA: I'm looking forward to it. I'll show you the strength of Sadaharu No. 29.
KAGURA: Now! Let's have a fair fight!
SHINPACHI: Wait! They're going to have a beetle sumo match!
KONDO: Toshi!
HIJIKATA: I think Sogo made a calculated decision.
HIJIKATA: He won't do anything violent. He's not that stupid.
SADOMARU: Kabuto!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KONDO/HIJIKATA: He's that stupid!
HIJIKATA: Hey! Hold on!!
HIJIKATA: Do you realize what that thing will do to Rurimaru if they fight?
OKITA: I'm going to crush him.
GINTOKI: Right! It'll reduce him to pieces!
KAGURA: Fighting isn't about body size! It's about guts!
GINTOKI: You're the only one who has guts!
GINTOKI: It's a pampered upbringing.
GINTOKI: Lolimaru had a pampered upbringing and was protected by the Shogun!
KONDO: I said it's Rurimaru!
KONDO: We have to stop them! Hurry up and stop them!
SHINPACHI: It's impossible! I can't climb this cliff!
KONDO: We have to work together!
KONDO: There's no hardship we can't overcome if four samurai work together!
GINTOKI: Then you'll be the base! I'll climb and do something!
HIJIKATA: No way! You be the base!
GINTOKI: Now isn't the time to argue!
GINTOKI: We're wasting precious time!
GINTOKI: Grow up and be a good stepping-stone! There's no way I'm gonna get down on all fours for you!
SHINPACHI: You grow up!
SADOMARU: Kabuto!
OKITA: Take this! Sado-beam!
OKITA: Tsk. How obstinate!
OKITA: [Note: Parody of Kamen Rider Den-O phrase.]
OKITA: Go!
OKITA: Sado-slash!
GINTOKI: Beetle...
GINTOKI: ...hunting!
OKITA: Sadomaru!
KONDO: Yes!
HIJIKATA: He did it!
OKITA: Mister! How dare you? My Sadomaru...!
OKITA: Ow!
KAGURA: Ow!
GINTOKI: You idiots!
GINTOKI: You shouldn't toy with other creatures' lives!
GINTOKI: All life is prec-
GINTOKI: So let's not forget our joint responsibility in this tragedy.
MATSUDAIRA: Yo! Thanks for your hard work in capturing that beetle.
HIJIKATA: Um... It evolved...
MATSUDAIRA: Commit seppuku.
SHINPACHI: The next episode... "Dango Over Flowers." It's too simple for a title.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: [Note: On the back cover of JUMP is a Shippuden the movie Ad with the promotional line: "Naruto is dead"]
GINTOKI: Japanese sweets shops nowadays have cakes and sundaes and whatnot.
MASTER: I'm a dango man. That's all I know.
MASTER: You're still carrying that thing around your waist?
MASTER: Samurai these days...
GINTOKI: It's like a pacifier.
GINTOKI: I just don't feel right without something hanging on my waist.
GINTOKI: This is a tough time for people sticking with analog.
GINTOKI: The mainstream world is all digital now. Digital.
GINTOKI: And TV will go terrestrial digital broadcasting in a few years.
GINTOKI: You won't be able to watch anything on your old TV.
MASTER: Eh? Really?
GINTOKI: Be aware! To watch shows with terrestrial digital broadcasting on your current TV...
MASTER: I didn't know that.
MASTER: I thought
MASTER: terrestrial digital broadcasting would be the same as watching color broadcasting on a black-and-white TV.
MASTER: That's so true.
GINTOKI: What's that?
MASTER: so it's quickly become very popular.
MASTER: Took away what few customers I had.
GINTOKI: I think you should have a poster girl.
MASTER: I do have a poster girl.
GINTOKI: That's not a poster girl.
GINTOKI: That's a positively ugly girl.
MASTER: Look how wide her hips are. She'll bear healthy kids.
GINTOKI: By monogenetic reproduction?
GINTOKI: [Note: Monogenetic reproduction = asexual reproduction. Meaning she's so ugly she looks asexual.]
MASTER: You need to mix two sets of genes.
GINTOKI: We don't mix! It says to never mix them for safety reasons.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of the warning label on cleaning detergents. Mixing detergents can create a poisonous gas.]
GINTOKI: You should read the instructions carefully!
DAUGHTER: Gin-san.
DAUGHTER: Here you go. They're on me.
MASTER: Wait!
MASTER: My future son-in-law and heir.
WAITRESS: Welcome to Andromeda.
WAITRESS: Here's the menu.
GINTOKI: Thank you.
GINTOKI: Wow!
MASTER: I'll order Pudding Astro Galaxy  la mode and Winner Max coffee.
GINTOKI: Oh. That's an excellent reason.
GINTOKI: I didn't know you had such sneaky business tactics.
GINTOKI: You're sponging off me rather than spying.
MASTER: So it's a reasonable price if you think of it as a complementary fee.
GINTOKI: Forget complementary.
GINTOKI: Eating sweets with you is no complement.
GINTOKI: Sweets aren't for old men.
GINTOKI: That's why they call it "sweets" and not "senile." That'd be false advertising.
WAITRESS: Enjoy!
MASTER: couples that come to places like this seem more affectionate.
MASTER: [Note: In Japan it is said that couples who dine at a BBQ have already slept together because they are comfortable enough around each other to eat a messy meal.]
GINTOKI: so we can watch them without getting excited.
GINTOKI: But the couples here have that "in-the-future" look.
MASTER: [Note: Spoof of TV Ad catch phrase. "Men drink Sapporo Beer Quietly." Mitarashi-dango is dumplings with soy sauce paste. Ken Takakura is a Japanese actor.]
GINTOKI: Ah? You mean whipped cream?
MASTER: I wish it were that simple.
DAUGHTER: Welcome!
MASTER: Well...
DAUGHTER: What would you like to order?
SWEETS: Dango...
MASTER: He's Sweets from Andromeda... The owner of the shop.
MASTER: Thank you for coming to our shabby shop during your busy day.
SWEETS: Sometimes I like to eat at simple shops like this. How's business?
SWEETS: That's why I told you that you should sell this store to me and retire.
GINTOKI: Sell the store?
MASTER: Well...
SWEETS: Dango is already out of fashion.
SWEETS: There's no way a simple store like this can attract customers.
SWEETS: There're already too many crude and flavorless sweets on this planet.
SWEETS: The recipes will be digitized so that every shop can have the same tasty sweets.
SWEETS: I'll spread true sweetness throughout the country.
MASTER: It can't come to an end so easily in my generation.
MASTER: And we still have some customers who like the dango at our shop.
SWEETS: it's obvious you'll eventually go out of business.
MASTER: Well...
SWEETS: I'll set up a dango competition.
SWEETS: We'll compete for how much we can sell in one hour.
MASTER: Well...
SWEETS: I don't want any of that small-town stuff.
DAUGHTER: ...Dad...
MASTER: Maybe it's about time to call it quits.
GINTOKI: Does that mean...
HOST: Please come and see! And taste!
HOST: sweets against sweets competition!
HOST: It's the "TV Champion Dango King Competition." The participants are...
HOST: The old established dango shop that has kept its traditional recipe in the family for 400 years...
HOST: Konpeito!
HOST: And coming from another galaxy to spread its unknown sweets...
HOST: Andromeda!
HOST: And eat as much as you like.
HOST: But there's only one hour!
HOST: The shop that clears out all its dango first will win...
HOST: That means it's the most popular sweets shop in Edo.
HOST: And how about Konpeito?
HOST: There're no costumers yet.
DAUGHTER: Dad...
SWEETS: I just offered him a competition and he accepted.
SWEETS: And our shop's reputation will be boosted by word of mouth from customers
SWEETS: who've come here to taste our new Japanese sweets.
SWEETS: This is to our advantage.
HOST: It looks like the winner will be decided before the competition even begins!
HOST: [Note: Tomoko Matsushima is an actress who was attacked by a lion in Kenya while visiting for a documentary.]
HOST: Oh! Three people... Only three people...
HOST: ...are walking towards Konpeito.
Chikuro: Only three people.
SWEETS: What traditional taste.
MASTER: Mister...
GINTOKI: Is all this really free?
MASTER: Yes. And this is probably the last chance to eat my dango.
MASTER: Please have help yourselves.
HOST: one-hour dango sell-out match! Begin!
HOST: one-hour dango sell-out match! Begin!
HOST: The Andromeda booth has been flooded with customers!
HOST: These people are like ants!
HOST: [Note: Famous phrase by Musuka from "Castle in the Sky". Host's eyes on the mask also look like Musuka's.]
HOST: He's known as the most famous gourmet in Kabukicho.
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: Thanks for coming to our show.
HOST: How do you see it?
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: Hmm... I see.
HOST: It looks like Andromeda has already cleared 100 plates.
HOST: They're so fast!
MASTER: Mister...
HOST: It's the hunger!
HOST: They're not here for tasty sweets!
HOST: They just came to fill their stomachs!
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: The emptied plates are piling up at a furious pace.
HOST: How about Andromeda?
HOST: This is...!
HOST: It's like that saying: "Happy events tend to be accompanied by problems."
SWEETS: It's out of control!
HOST: but only three people are running a death match against those crowds! Konpeito!
MASTER: Thanks... You're supporting my shop by doing this...
FATHER: Well... It doesn't look like we'll get any dango soon.
CHILD B: I want dango.
CHILDREN: No way. I want the kind from Andromeda!
FATHER: Stop being selfish!
FATHER: We should consider ourselves lucky to even have dango. Be patient.
CHILDREN: All right.
FATHER: Let's go!
CHILDREN: Yeah.
HOST: Oh! It's a big family.
HOST: A big family has approached Konpeito! Will they spur on Konpeito?
GINTOKI: Who said you could join the...
GINTOKI: Sakata family dining table?
FATHER: Whoa!
HOST: Oh! What's going on?!
HOST: He knocked out the first customer to come to the booth!
GINTOKI: This is my dining table. I won't let anyone near it.
MASTER: What?!
HOST: A Dinner Table Declaration!
HOST: It's Our Dinner Table Declaration.
HOST: It doesn't look like he's thinking about the competition.
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOAT HOST: I see... That's a very deep thing to say.
GINTOKI: Take this for now.
HOST: How devilish! How self-centered! But wait.
HOST: Ah! What is that?!
FATHER: Th-This is...
GINTOKI: It's...one stick of dango.
FATHER: Now we'll still be alive tomorrow.
HOST: It's so moving! How impressive!
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
GINTOKI: Grow up well.
GINTOKI: [Note: Phrase from a hamburger TV spot.]
MASTER: Mister! This is not the time to say something like that!
MASTER: This is a competition! Stop messing around...just hurry and eat more dango!
MASTER: What are you doing?!
MASTER: Why are you eating dango with rice? It'll make you full sooner!
MASTER: Stop eating it with rice!
GINTOKI: There!
KAGURA: I'm not satisfied if I have a meal without rice!
KAGURA: I don't give a damn about Western eating!
Chikuro: Objection.
Chikuro: Isn't it against the rules to bring other foods to a dango competition?
HOST: Now Andromeda has made a public protest against a customer at Konpeito.
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: Does that mean it isn't against the rules?
MUSASHI: Ya!
HOST: Their objection was dismissed!
KAGURA: More rice.
MASTER: What are you doing? Takeout?
MASTER: Eat them now! It means nothing if you eat them later.
MASTER: And what a shabby idea!
Chikuro: Objection! Takeout is against the ethics of competition.
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: Does that mean it's against the rules?
MUSASHI: Ya.
HOST: Their objection has been sustained.
HOST: Takeout is against the rules. Tupperware is prohibited.
SHINPACHI: Tsk!
MASTER: Don't "tsk" me!
HOST: Now we've passed 30 minutes! There are 30 minutes remaining.
HOST: Both teams are struggling to figure out how many plates they should prepare.
HOST: Who could have predicted such a close match?
HOST: Whichever side brings things under control first will have the advantage.
Chikuro: Sweets-sama!
SWEETS: Don't worry. I have a backup plan.
HOST: They're sumo wrestlers! Sumo wrestlers!
HOST: They're eating at an amazing speed.
HOST: The dango look like malt balls. They're monsters. Real monsters!
MUSASHI: Well... You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: So true.
MASTER: Mister!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
SHINPACHI: We just finished our snack..
MASTER: You're full already? This is bad. Really bad.
GINTOKI: No...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Yes!
HOST: Whoaaa! What's this?!
HOST: One person is taking the dango off the skewers to make it easier to eat.
HOST: Combination! The key to something like that is having the perfect combination.
SWEETS: Hey! That's not eating! That's feeding!
HOST: An objection has been raised!
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: It means there's no problem.
HOST: So fast! It's unbelievably fast!
HOST: The sumo wrestlers aren't to be outdone. It's even. It's even!
HOST: Both teams are holding their own and not budging one inch.
HOST: They're engaged in a fierce battle.
HOST: But the fiercest thing is the stomach of that China girl.
HOST: Is it bottomless?
HOST: She's staying even against five sumo wrestlers. Her stomach may even be bigger...
HOST: She's eating rice! She's eating rice between the dango!
GINTOKI: Are you crazy? I said no more rice.
KAGURA: I don't give a damn about Western food!
KAGURA: My eyes! My eyes!
GINTOKI: Kagura!
HOST: Oh no! She's got dango sauce in her eyes. It must hurt.
HOST: It doesn't look like she'll be able to get up for a while!
HOST: This could be a great chance for Andromeda!
SWEETS: They really made us worry. But this is a nice surprise for the competition.
Chikuro: Now we just have to hope they widen the gap...then...
HOST: Oh! But these guys seem to be nearing their limit.
Chikuro: We'll most likely grab a win.
SWEETS: Right.
GINTOKI: I wonder if that'll happen.
SWEETS: What?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
GINTOKI: Take Kagura away now.
GINTOKI: Leave the rest to the Sugar King.
SHINPACHI: If you eat more...
GINTOKI: It's not good for young people nowadays to give up so easily.
SWEETS: So why is he still eating? He loves sweets that much?
MASTER: ...analog people. We are stubborn and don't know when to give up.
HOST: Both teams are beyond their limit.
HOST: They're shoving dango down their throats by sheer force of will!
HOST: One minute left! The number of plates is even.
MUSASHI: You'd better eat while you can.
HOST: Oh! Now both teams have stopped eating.
SWEETS: What happened?! Why have you stopped eating?!
WRESTLER A: I feel like throwing up just looking at dango. Gochandesu.
WRESTLER A: [Note: Gochandesu is a word Sumo wrestlers use a lot.]
SWEETS: What?!
MASTER: They're getting tired of it.
MASTER: It's normal for a person whose eaten hundreds of the same kind of dango to get sick of it.
SWEETS: Getting tired of it? Are you kidding?!
SWEETS: I've tasted all kinds of sweets and used the experience to create even more kinds of sweets.
SWEETS: And you say they're sick of my dango?!
SWEETS: This can't be happening.
SWEETS: It can't be happening. Not with my dango!
SWEETS: My dango is so much better than your shabby small-town dango!
MASTER: You've created a thousand kinds of tastes for the world.
MASTER: But all I know is dango.
MASTER: So I have to create a thousand worlds with dango.
MASTER: Mister...
MASTER: Have you come to my shop a thousand times? Have you ever gotten tired of it?
GINTOKI: Don't say such a stupid thing. I'm not tired of it.
MASTER: Then put it in your ball sack!
HOST: Time's up!
DAUGHTER: Gin-san!
MASTER: and some things you learn by stubbornly doing only one thing over and over.
MASTER: Right?
MASTER: Mister...
GINTOKI: Yeah... It's a tough time for analog people.
ENDING SONGNEXT EPISODEGINTOKI: Thanks for entering the "My Amanto Idea" contest.
ENDING SONGNEXT EPISODEGINTOKI: The winning idea is Noriko Mach.
ENDING SONGNEXT EPISODEGINTOKI: Congratulations to Saito-san from Tokyo.
ENDING SONGNEXT EPISODEGINTOKI: The next episode... "For The Wind Is The Life."
 Name:  Text
GENGAI: Piece o' cake!
GINTOKI: A wanted criminal.
GINTOKI: I'm just kidding.
GENGAI: I was repairing it!!
GENGAI: I'm glad you realize that.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of manga Yoroshiku Mechadoc (Mechanical Doctor).]
GENGAI: Now about the bill...
GINTOKI: See'ya.
GENGAI: Um...the bill...
GENGAI: Hey! You all right?
NORIKO: I'm fine.
GINTOKI: You're fine?!
GENGAI: Going where?
GENGAI: Hang in there!
NORIKO: My scooter...
GINTOKI: What's with her?
CAPTON: ["For the Wind Is the Life"]
GENGAI: Noriko Mach.
Occupation: Occupation: Express Messenger.
NORIKO: Don't talk about us like that.
GINTOKI: So what are you saying?
GINTOKI: Go run on your own!
NORIKO: I...I'm in pain.
GINTOKI: Who do you think is in the most pain here?
GENGAI: We can't make an injured girl run.
NORKIO: I'm sorry for causing trouble.
GINTOKI: So you want me to keep running for 24 hours?
GINTOKI: But can you ride a scooter with those injuries?
NORIKO: I have to make this work!
NORIKO: Please put me down!
GINTOKI: You're the one who wanted the piggyback ride.
NORIKO: I don't have time to hang out with slackers like you!
NORIKO: I'm sorry.
GINTOKI: That's okay.
GINTOKI: So where to first?
NORIKO: The wind feels so good!!
GINTOKI: What the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: You're an idiot.
GINTOKI: Hurry up and get on. This side!
NORIKO: Don't stop! Don't stop!
GINTOKI: I can't help it. There's nothing I can do.
NORIKO: Soon?
NORIKO: I can't stand it!
GINTOKI: Hey... Watch out...
GINTOKI: W-Wait. No... Time out!
NORIKO: What do you mean?!
GINTOKI: I know. We haven't made a single delivery and things are already completely out of control!
NORIKO: Here we go.
NORIKO: One down. Next is...
GINTOKI: You call that delivery?
ZENZO: I'm pretty sure it was supposed to come today.
HASEGAWA: So what do you want from me now?
HASEGAWA: Calling me like this...
HATSU: You don't have to say it like that.
HATSU: I just called because I was worried you weren't eating right...
HASEGAWA: I don't need to have someone who walked out on me worry about me.
HATSU: Wait!
HATSU: Dear...
HATSU: Why would he remember...
HATSU: ...that today is our wedding anniversary?
NORIKO: Excuse me! Delivery service!
HATSU: Impossible! Could it be...?
HASEGAWA: Hatsu...
HASEGAWA: Here's to our tenth wedding anniversary.
NORIKO: Great! Only one package left.
OKITA: You in the speeding scooter!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
NORKIO: We're going to become the wind.
GINTOKI: W-Wait.  Help me.
OKITA: They have been using messengers to deliver their bombs.
NORIKO: The embassy.
GINTOKI: Is it making weird noises?
NORIKO: It's ticking. Like a clock.
GINTOKI: I see...
GINTOKI: We're gonna die anyway!
GINTOKI: Let's just pull over for a second.
GINTOKI: Who cares about that anymore?
NORIKO: So you're going to let me blow up alone?
NORIKO: No!
GINTOKI: It came off!
NORIKO: Hey!  The handle!
GINTOKI: A radio?
GENGAI: It doesn't seem to be working.
GENGAI: I forgot to warn you about something.
GENGAI: I should've fixed the brakes instead of installing that radio.
GENGAI: That's all.
GINTOKI: It's just a confession!
GENGAI: That's an emergency mechanism activation switch.
GENGAI: The rocket booster will kick in and give you a dramatic burst of speed.
GINTOKI: You could've said that part first!!
NORIKO: The wind!
GINTOKI: This is no time to be excited!
GINTOKI: Is this how it ends?
GENGAI: Gin...
GINTOKI: Who the hell cares?!
GINTOKI: Old geezer!!
NORIKO: All right!!
NORIKO: Now we can fly somewhere safe and ditch the bomb.
NORIKO: Oh gosh... This is the first time I've felt such a delicious breeze.
GINTOKI: Is that so?
GENGAI: Gin...
GENGAI: But let me warn you.
GENGAI: It'll probably explode in about a minute.
NORIKO: Dear Saito-san of Tokyo.
NORIKO: [Note: Spoof of "Kiki's Delivery Service".]
NORIKO: I love this town.
BOOKMAKER: Looks like he's involved in organ trafficking.
BOOKMAKER: That's true.
BOOKMAKER: Will you become a devil once again to save the weak?
SACHAN: Only devils can eliminate other devils.
BOOKMAKER: Do you have a boyfriend right now?
SACHAN: Wh-what?
BOOKMAKER: It's just that you smell more like a woman these days.
SACHAN: It's your imagination. What is this? Sexual harassment?
BOOKMAKER: Whatever you say.
BOOKMAKER: I've been around people like you for a long time.
BOOKMAKER: Those who are married or have girlfriends are the ones who end up dead first.
SACHAN: That's right. It's time to turn off "Sachan the lovestruck pig."
GINTOKI: My scooter exploded and I fell 30 meters into a river.
GINTOKI: You're on my legs! You're on my legs!
GINTOKI: So all you care about is the hair?!
DOCTOR: This condition is called "Comedic Post-Explosion Hair".
HEAD NURSE: Who cares about that?
GINTOKI: So what are you doing here?
GINTOKI: Don't bother. It's too much trouble
SACHAN: Weak...
SACHAN: Waki-san told me that men can't resist girls who are nice to them when they're down.
GINTOKI: Go wherever you want.
GINTOKI: I don't think they sell JUMP in Moscow.
GINTOKI: Do you have to keep saying "Okay"?
GINTOKI: It's okay.
GINTOKI: How exactly could I be responsible for that?
ZENZO: Hang on.
GINTOKI: The injured author who can't move
GINTOKI: gets crippled by the psychotic caretaker who is supposedly there to take care of him.
ZENZO: W-Wait a sec!
GINTOKI: You pull it out.
GINTOKI: You keeping your hopes and dreams in there?
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: We've come to cheer you up!!
GINTOKI: What am I gonna do now?
ZENZO: Sorry about that.
GINTOKI: Forget it! That'll be even more suspicious!
GINTOKI: We'd better get the hell outta here.
SACHAN: Maybe I'll retire from this gory assassin job and really become a nurse.
NURSE A: Did you hear?
NURSE B: Is it really true?
NURSE B: I heard he's involved in organ trade.
NURSE A: That's not so bad. It'll sure be a lot quieter around here.
SACHAN: Oh my God! Gin-san!
BOOKMAKER: Be careful your passions don't get the better of you.
SACHAN: What am I doing?
KURODA: We've done a complete medical workup on both of you
KURODA: and found severe internal problems.
KURODA: Take a look at this.
GINTOKI: Never mind already. It's not gonna scare me.
KURODA: and your testicles will explode.
GINTOKI: No way!
KURODA: At the rate you're going...
KURODA: Something...will explode.
SACHAN: ...lovestruck pig.
SACHAN: That's not true...
SACHAN: I'm...
KURODA: What fools.
KURODA: But the other organs are exceptional.
KURODA: It'll be better for the world if we give them to people who can put them to good use.
KURODA: Let's begin.
SACHAN: Yes.
KURODA: Scalpel.
SACHAN: Yes.
KURODA: Wh...What do you think you're doing?
ASSISTANT A: Doctor!!
SACHAN: I'm sorry.  I dropped my glasses.
KURODA: You bitch!
SACHAN: The bells of Gion Temple ring for you...
KURODA: Wh-What the heck is this?
SACHAN: The brutal devil...
ASSISTANT A: Bandages?
SACHAN: ...delivers a righteous deathblow.
SACHAN: Take care.
SACHAN: Assassin Sachan...has arrived!!
SACHAN: Gin-san!! Gin-san...
SACHAN: Where are you?
SACHAN: Gin-san!!
SACHAN: Thank goodness!
SACHAN: I'm sorry...
SACHAN: I...was warned that love would interfere with my work.
SACHAN: But this is what I think...
SACHAN: Huh?
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Man...so lazy...
SHINPACHI: Stop talking about the writer's back-story.
GINTOKI: So what do you say?
KAGURA: It often happens in JUMP. They take a break because the author is out collecting material for the story.
GINTOKI: Man...so lazy...
KAGURA: How nice. Everyone but me gets to enjoy the festival.
GINTOKI: Stop whining.
GINTOKI: We all have to take turns doing this job each year.
GINTOKI: ...is a real pain in the butt.
OCHI: What are you going to do if there's an accident or someone gets injured because we didn't rehearse first?!
OCHI: Forget it!
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
OCHI: Good! That's all I wanted to hear from you.
OCHI: Hey? Sakata-san?!
OCHI: Um... I've got lots of watermelon and other stuff for you!! Sakata-san!!
KAGURA: Sorry!
OCHI: and that's the most offensive apology I've ever heard.
OCHI: It's my job to make sure this event runs smoothly and safely every year.
OCHI: We can't let anyone get hurt during this festival's haunted house.
KAGURA: It's hard to take someone with an arrow sticking out of his head seriously.
OCHI: It's for the role I'm playing.
KAGURA: So battle injuries are acceptable?
OCHI: Oh my god! What is wrong with you people!
OCHI: That's why we have to be ready for any unexpected accident that might occur.
GINTOKI: Don't worry about it. Our adrenaline is always running low.
OCHI: I don't want a lethargic haunted house!
GINTOKI: No problem. We don't need a rehearsal.
SHINPACHI: Just leave it to us.
OCHI: What do you guys think you're here for?
GINTOKI: You gotta be this extreme to get a reaction out of all the jaded kids these days.
OCHI: No! Didn't you hear what I said?
OCHI: So what's with that getup?
GINTOKI: You know what's really scary...?
OCHI: Do I look like I'm interested in your muddled insights?
OCHI: I've never even heard of such a character!
OCHI: What an idiotic idea!
OCHI: Go change your costumes! Change them!!
OCHI: Like hell it would!
GINTOKI: So there's a vampire at the temple now?
KAGURA: We don't really mesh here.
OCHI: Did the costumes you were wearing before mesh?
OCHI: Gimme a break.
GINTOKI: Ochi-san. It wasn't Jason. I was Jackson.
OCHI: Who the hell cares?!
CLERK: Ochi-san!
OCHI: Already? But it's not even dark yet.
OCHI: You guys head over to the temple gardens.
OCHI: You won't need those!!
FATHER: Don't worry. Daddy's right here with you.
CHILD: But it feels like something could jump out at any moment.
SHINPACHI: [Note: A famous Japanese ghost story about a maid who is falsely accused of breaking a ceramic plate and subsequently dropped in a well.]
SHINPACHI: [Note: Her ghost comes out of the well every night counting dishes but is always short one dish.]
SHINPACHI: There's one missing. I curse you! and then pounces on you.
KAGURA: One...two...
GINTOKI: Hm? Huh?
SHINPACHI  KAGURA: Ah!
KAGURA: I'll go get it.
GINTOKI: Just chill!
CHILD: I've already heard everything...
KAGURA: then that means we're actually short two.
KAGURA: Th...The dishes...
FATHER: That was nice of you.
KAGURA: Mmm... I got candy!
OCHI: Come on! Pull yourselves together!
GINTOKI: Gotcha.
OCHI: Are you even listening?
GINTOKI: Huh? Why are you putting so much effort into this?
OCHI: Well...
KAGURA: He's doing it for money.
SHINPACHI: What do you want us to do?
OCHI: So they've come... Our next victims...
OCHI: Now watch me carefully and try to mimic my technique.
CLERK: Welcome.
GINTOKI: Oh...
GINTOKI: Ochi-san...
ORYO: There you go again.
ORYO: You're way scarier...
OCHI: That was easy.
OTAE: I said I'm bad at this!!
ORYO: Hold on a second.
OCHI: What's up with that girl?
OTAE: HinTama!
OTAE: Hintama! They're Hintama!!
OCHI: What're you doing?
OTAE: Gross!
END OF PART ASHINPACHI: Good job.
GINTOKI: You've fallen too far though...
OCHI: I've had it! This is the worst year ever!
GINTOKI: [Note: O-bon is a Buddhist tradition of honoring the spirits of the dead.]
OCHI: It's over. They'll kick me out of the neighborhood association now!
GINTOKI: Isn't this haunted house just a sideshow in the festival anyway?
OCHI: I get no respect at home or even at work.
OCHI: I'm scorned at the office as dead wood.
OCHI: I was nicknamed "Ochimusha."
OCHI: [Note: Ochimusha means defeated samurai.]
OCHI: ...and my subordinates laughed at me.
OCHI: I was laid off.
OCHI: And my wife...
OCHI: She left me...
OCHI: But even someone like me was able to find a place where I can shine.
OCHI: And that was here.
OCHI: People got scared and ran away when they saw me.
OCHI: It made me feel big and important.
OCHI: I even devised my own clever schemes to scare the customers.
SHINPACHI: Ochi-san...
GINTOKI: Embarrassing? Who cares?
GINTOKI: then stop grumbling and throw your heart and soul into it.
GINTOKI: Leave the setup to us.
OCHI: Sakata-san...
OCHI: I'll make this event a success if it kills me!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
HEDORO: Oh? Why are you crying?
CLERK: Yeow... One customer on his way!
SHINPACHI: Crap... Ochi-san's in trouble...
KAGURA: He's about to live up to his name.
OCHI: You just wait and see...
OCHI: I'll make this next one perfect.
OCHI: What the hell is that?
OCHI: Damnit... I'm outta here!
GINTOKI: Hang on there. You can't run away.
GINTOKI: Weren't you going to throw your heart and soul into this?
KAGURA: One dish...
KAGURA: What's this? There's one missing.
KAGURA: A curse upon you!
OCHI: Watch out!
OCHI: Huh?
OCHI: Does that monster...look scared?
SHINPACHI: I curse you...woof!
OCHI: He's just making stuff up as he goes!!
OCHI: Garlic?! That's wrong!
GINTOKI: What's this? There's one missing...
GINTOKI: I dracu-curse you!!
OCHI: That doesn't even go together!
OCHI: I curse you -degozaru!!
HEDORO: It's wrong to take a life.
KAGURA: Ochi-san...
CLERK: Welcome.
OCHI: Never mind already.
SHINPACHI: So what are you going to do now?
OCHI: There's nothing to give up on.
GINTOKI: Hang on!!
GINTOKI: You're running away again?
GINTOKI: You just said the haunted house was the only place you had.
OCHI: What...?
GINTOKI: You always ran away without a fight and that's how you ended up here.
OCHI: A real stab at life?
GINTOKI: ...throw that heart and soul into it with all your might.
OCHI: Okay.
OCHI.: Here she comes...
OCHI: A loser like me...
OCHI: The one who kept running away from everything...
OCHI: I can't do this after all...
OCHI: I don't ever want to feel that way again!
OCHI: To the "Ochimusha" I was yesterday...
OCHI: I'm saying goodbye!!
OCHI: I curse y...
OCHI: O...Oka...
OCHI: Ow...Ouch...
OCHI: Oka...Okaru...
OCHI: O...Okaru.
OCHI: C-Come ba-ba-ba-back to me!
OKARU: You always bungle things...
OCHI: Um...well...
OKARU: You're such a fool.
OCHI: Huh...
OKARU: Don't say anything.
SHINPACHI: but his wife never agreed to it.
KAGURA: Good for them.
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
SHINPACHI: What? We still have to do that?
GINTOKI: Whatever!
SHINPACHI: [Note: "Punch line" is "Ochi" in Japanese.]
SHINPACHI: but don't you have a punch line or something to end with?
CLOSING SONGPREVIEWCAPTION: [A woman...]
 Name:  Text
REFUSE COLLECTOR: This isn't right. Today is recyclable trash day.
REFUSE COLLECTOR: You're combustible trash!
GINTOKI: You call that a commercial? What bad taste!
GINTOKI: Oh...
GINTOKI: Tomorrow is non-combustible trash day...
GINTOKI: I put out the JUMP...
GINTOKI: No harm.
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous. We're not kids here.
GINTOKI: I can go and get it tomorrow.
KAGURA: Geez...
GINTOKI: I'm worried about it.
KAGURA: Why do I have to go with you? Staying up late is terrible for my complexion.
KAGURA: Don't you realize that?
KAGURA: [Note: Spoof on the magazine "Jyosei Seven."]
GINTOKI: Help me retrieve it.
GINTOKI: Cut it out! Stop being so selfish!
GINTOKI: I came to you because I was trying to help you!
GINTOKI: Forget it! I get it! I won't ask you! Suit yourself!
GINTOKI: Don't go anywhere. Just stay and watch me!
GINTOKI: Kagura-chan!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: Dammit!! I'm not giving in!
GINTOKI: Ran ran ra ra ran ran ran.
GINTOKI: [Note: He's singing an off-beat version of the Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind song.]
FUYO: Roger.
FUYO: Target... acquired.
FUYO: Switching to analysis mode.
FUYO: Target has lost consciousness.
GINTOKI: What the hell are you doing?
KAGURA: Good morning.
GINTOKI: Geez!
GINTOKI: No wonder I have such terrible dreams.
KAGURA: Let's eat.
KAGURA: What kind of dreams?
GINTOKI: A dismembered head...
KAGURA: A dismembered head at the trash disposal area?
GINTOKI: How did you...?
KAGURA: You were having a nightmare. You're too old to be having nightmares like a little kid.
KAGURA: You went to the trash disposal area to get your JUMP.
GINTOKI: Kagura-chan... Kagura-chan...
GINTOKI: What is that?
KAGURA: An egg cracker! I found it yesterday.
GINTOKI: That's no egg cracker! It's that dismembered head from yesterday!
KAGURA: It's not a dismembered head. It's an egg cracker.
GINTOKI: There's not such thing!
KAGURA: Eggs are something you want to crack over someone's head.
KAGURA: But that would be rude. So now I have this!
GINTOKI: No! Absolutely not!
GINTOKI: Hey! What's with this scene!
GINTOKI: It's not something you want to see in the evening!
GINTOKI: Go and put it back! Put it back where it was!
KAGURA: No! That's my egg cracker! I'm not letting you have it!
GINTOKI: That's enough! If anyone around here sees that thing...!
KAGURA: Sadaharu! That's my egg cracker!
GINTOKI: Forget it! Don't say I didn't tell you!
SHINPACHI: Sh-Shinpachi! Don't touch it! You'll leave your prints on it!
SHINPACHI: Don't leave any evidence behind! Get rid of it quickly!
SHINPACHI: Isn't this Etsuko-chan?
GINTOKI: Etsuko-chan?! Someone you know named Etsuko-chan?!
SHINPACHI: No.
GINTOKI: Robot?
KAGURA: You're wrong! It's an egg cracker!
GINTOKI: There's a mother-in-law version and even a Tsundere version.
SHINPACHI: It's extremely popular with businesses and stores.
GINTOKI: Hey...this boy's having naughty thoughts. He wants it to do everything he asks.
SHINPACHI: What...?
KAGURA: Seriously gross. Don't talk to me for a while.
SHINPACHI: Wh-What?! Do you know about dreams men have of maids?!
GENGAI: It was quite beat up.
GENGAI: But the important parts don't appear to be damaged. I can probably fix it.
GINTOKI: the day won't be long when Edo's number one mechanic is surpassed.
GENGAI: What're you talking about?
GINTOKI: Just a minute!
GENGAI: With what you had?! The entire body was stolen from someplace else!
GENGAI: It'll withstand even a year-long war.
GENGAI: [Note: Spoof of Gundam.]
GINTOKI: Why would a maid battle for a year! Why does a maid need a shield?!
GENGAI: She can hide behind the shield and see lots of things...like a family's problems.
GINTOKI: She doesn't need to see those things! Leave those to Etsuko Ichihara!
GINTOKI: [Spoof of "Kaseifu wa miteita" (Maid saw them all). Etsuko Ichihara plays a maid who sees scandals in the house she works in.]
GINTOKI: I thought she'd be good for some cash.
SHINPACHI: She definitely needs a maid's outfit!
KAGURA: Attach an egg cracker! One that also takes out the slimy part!
GENGAI: I don't get it.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: That's not right!
GINTOKI: You just made her bum bigger.
GINTOKI: You didn't fix the parts that were basically wrong!
GINTOKI: What is this thing you have for her bum?!
GENGAI: Women with big bums are good-they have easier deliveries.
GINTOKI: That's old! So ancient! Your criteria for choosing a woman are so old!
GENGAI: What don't you like? I had a tough time with this part.
GENGAI: It pours soy sauce.
GINTOKI: I don't care about your consideration for eggs on rice!
GENGAI: You guys make a lot of demands.
GENGAI: Do you guys have the money?
 CAPTION (: (ON BOX)[Strawberry Fields]
SHINPACHI: She's like an abandoned puppy.
GINTOKI: Can't be helped. We don't have the money.
GINTOKI: We can't sell her like this. I feel like a killer.
SHINPACHI: was specially designed for office tasks.
SHINPACHI: Her previous owner may have been using her more like a computer rather than as a maid.
GINTOKI: Where's the on switch?
SHINPACHI: Your head is what's hopeless.
SHINPACHI: Ack!
SHINPACHI: Could it be this mole on her head?
KAGURA: She turned on?!
FUYO: [Note: Spoof of saved file for Dragon Quest game.]
SHINPACHI: What are the adventures?
FUYO: Please rebuild the adventures from the beginning. First: A name.
SHINPACHI: It's asking for a name.
FUYO: That won't do. You'll regret it later if you're lazy.
FUYO: Where's the excitement if you say "Aaaa" when you're fighting the evil king.
GINTOKI: What's an evil king? She intends to fight an evil king.
KAGURA: [Note: Tama is short for tamago (egg).]
FUYO: Roger.
SHINPACHI: Tama?! How far are you going with this egg thing?!
GINTOKI: That sounds like a stray dog.
SHINPACHI: She ignored Tama! She didn't like it! She didn't like it!
FUYO: Everyone calls me "Mole Beam."
SHINPACHI: She was teased! She was totally teased about the mole on her forehead!
GINTOKI: Who's "everyone"?
KAGURA: [Note: Party member types from Dragon Quest game.]
FUYO: The memories make me blue. Shall I save the adventure?
SHINPACHI: She's trying to end the adventure on her own!
GINTOKI: Wait! This adventure is just beginning!
FUYO: Please write down the restart chant.
FUYO: Putsun.
GINTOKI/SSS/KAGURA: Ack!
KAGURA: She turned herself off!
SHINPACHI: What did she say her password was?
GINTOKI: Kusarimaguro something or other...
GINTOKI: Hey! She spat oil on her master!
GINTOKI: Who do you think you are?!
FUYO: Please do not touch the controller and power button during a save.
FUYO: It may cause damage.
GINTOKI: You don't have a save function!
FUYO: I will repeat the restart chant.
GINTOKI: Hey! It doesn't want to be restarted!
GINTOKI: She's using some strange ancient characters!
FUYO: Putsun.
GINTOKI: Wait! Hey!
KAGURA: She's totally busted.
GINTOKI: You just need to blow into the cartridge.
FUYO: Parararappappaa!
FUYO: Strength: up 3. Speed: up 2. Lassitude: up 5.
FUYO: Lethargy: up 6. Exhaustion: up 7. I am feeling empty.
SHINPACHI: Just a minute! Our chances of losing are rising!
FUYO: Lethargy rising 2...zuborokusaremagurobaromi...
SHINPACHI: She forced herself into the restart chant!
GINTOKI: This is hopeless. Doesn't look like she'll make us any money at all.
GINTOKI: It's Announcer Ketsuno. She's back.
SHINPACHI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: That's the lab that created Tama-san.
SHINPACHI: Could this be...?
SHINPACHI: Tama-san?!
SHINPACHI: There's no mistake! The robot that's suspected of murder...
SHINPACHI: is our Tama-san! Though she's only a head now.
SHINPACHI: And this Dr. Hayashi-he's the man who built Tama-san and the other robot maids!
GINTOKI: She killed the parent who gave her life...and showed up here?
GINTOKI: That can't be!
GINTOKI: This piece of junk could never do something as mysterious as being involved in a murder case!
GINTOKI: We're talking about a robot!
GINTOKI: There are others that have the same face.
GINTOKI: She's only a head-how could she commit murder?!
FUYO: There is the possibility that I was destroyed by someone while on the run and became just a head.
GINTOKI: She restarted without the restart chant.
FUYO: Forgive me after earlier. I had an initialization issue. I am now restored.
GINTOKI: You can't find it because you assumed at the start that it wasn't there.
GINTOKI: It might be closer than you think.
FUYO: Understood. Searching.
FUYO: [Note: Spoof of Dragon Quest game.]
GINTOKI: [Note: GEO is a Japanese rental video/game store that also buys used games.]
FUYO: She's not fixed at all. Initialization issues? She's got the mother of all issues!
FUYO: Forgive me. Is there a mechanical engineer in the vicinity?
GINTOKI: Huh?
FUYO: but it is tightly secured...
GINTOKI: I'm not sure I understand...
SHINPACHI: But...
SHINPACHI: What if she gets her memory back...and it turns out she's really the killer?
GINTOKI: Don't assume that. We don't know that yet.
MAID A: Excuse me.
MAID A: We're from the Magistrate's Office.
MAID A: Could we ask your help with an investigation?
MAID A: We received word from the neighbors that there is a suspicious robot here.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Don't give me that!
FUYO: This apparatus carries a curse. You cannot discard it.
FUYO: [Note: Parody of Dragon Quest game.]
GINTOKI: Don't tell me I can't discard it! I never recalled getting you in the first place!
FUYO: either go to your nearest church or withdraw 3 million yen from an ATM and deposit it to my account.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: What kind of way is that to lift a curse?!
MAID A: Excuse me.
FUYO: Please wait.
FUYO: I do not detect life signs...
FUYO: in two of the three visitors. They are not officials.
FUYO: They are not even human.
MAID A: There's no one here.
MEGURO: Are they on to us?
SHINPACHI: Hey! Who were those people?! The house is ruined!
SHINPACHI: How many times is our foyer going to be destroyed?!
FUYO: I have no answer... I am like a mere corpse...
FUYO: [Note: The response given when speaking to a corpse in Dragon Quest game.]
GINTOKI: Zaoriku.
GINTOKI: [Note: Name of a powerful revival spell in Dragon Quest game.]
GINTOKI: I'm telling you to let go. You'd curse the hand that repaired you?
FUYO: I cannot do anything as just a head.
FUYO: Please at least take me to a mechanic.
FUYO: But you won't reach a higher level if all you do is run.
FUYO: Don't forget to arm yourself. Simply holding me does not mean you're armed.
GINTOKI: Let go! Apparatus!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: There!
GINTOKI: What the hell is that? That maid... What power!
MAID A: Found you! Mole Beam!
MAID A: Time to clean house!
GINTOKI: Whoa! I can see her panties! Your panties!
GINTOKI: Wh-Wha-What?! Monster!
FUYO: Fuyo No. 2-305.
FUYO: The newest model robot maid developed by the Fuyo Project.
GINTOKI: That's no maid! That's a weapon! A weapon!
FUYO: A.K.A. Kurin-chan. She's specially designed for cleaning.
FUYO: She's fastidious to the point of paranoia
FUYO: and is a defective model returned by consumers for being troublesome.
FUYO: She currently works at the laboratory as part of the janitorial staff.
FUYO: She is an idiot who has tried many times
FUYO: to remove the mole on my forehead because she mistakes it for rubbish.
SHINPACHI: She's Mole Beam's bully!
SHINPACHI: She's the girl who teased Tama-san by calling her Mole Beam!
GINTOKI: What...
GINTOKI: ...ever!
FUYO: Throwing out the trash is not the only job of the janitorial staff.
FUYO: They are steel-cold assassins.
SHINPACHI: What? You mean...
SHINPACHI: Why... Are you and the Doctor in...
GINTOKI: You do realize...
GINTOKI: sent to hell by...
GINTOKI: those maids.
SHINPACHI: M-Maids...
GINTOKI: What a spectacular sight.
GINTOKI: A sight that'd make any fetishist cry tears of joy.
SHINPACHI: You don't have to be a fetishist to cry...
MAID A: Hand over Mole Beam to us. We will dispose of her.
MAID A: Hand her over without a struggle!
MAID A: We will not harm you. This does not concern you.
GINTOKI: How can you say that when you've already gotten so many people involved!
FUYO: You're in danger. Never mind me. Do as they say.
FUYO: Let go of me.
GINTOKI: You let go!
MAID A: Mole Beam. Where did you put it?
MAID A: We know you stole it from Dr. Hayashi.
FUYO: What're you talking about? Horse shit?
GINTOKI: You know that's not it!
MAID A: You can't play dumb. You killed Dr. Hayashi to obtain it.
MAID A: The Fuyo Project will only achieve success when we have it.
MAID A: It is meaningless for an old model like you to have it.
MAID A: He will make it happen.
MAID A: And then robots will become equal to gods.
FUYO: What're you...!
HAYASHI: Oh... I want to become a robot.
 FUYO: (M)Why are you suffering so?
 FUYO: (M)I don't understand. I don't...understand.
 FUYO: (M)I'm only a robot-I don't understand.
GINTOKI: You're...
SHINPACHI: A robot shedding tears...how is that possible?!
MAID A: A robot could never shed those droplets.
MAID A: It's proof without a doubt.
MAID A: Hand it over! To us!
MAID A: Stop...
MAID A: interfering!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Jump!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Take her to old man Gengai's place! Hurry!
SHINPACHI: But...!
GINTOKI: I'll join you later!
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: You're...
SHINPACHI: A robot shedding tears... How is that possible?!
MAID A: Hand it over! To us!
MAID A: Stop...
MAID A: interfering!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Jump!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Take her to old man Gengai's place! Hurry!
SHINPACHI: But!
GINTOKI: I'll join you later!
CAPTIONS: ["Too Many Cuties Can Make You Sick"]
GINTOKI: Sadaharu!
MAID A: Don't let them get away! Cleanse--!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
SHINPACHI: Crap. What the heck is going on?! Why is this happening to me...?
SHINPACHI: Over there...
SHINPACHI: Over here...
SHINPACHI: Nothing but maids everywhere!
FUYO: The enemy is after me.
FUYO: By my calculations...
FUYO: Your chances of survival are unfortunately below 5 percent.
SHINPACHI: Mind not coming up with such depressing calculations?!
FUYO: Samurai?
SHINPACHI: a samurai might as well be dead.
SHINPACHI: I will use that 5 percent to save you.
SHINPACHI: That's what a samurai is!
FUYO: You would protect someone of unknown origin who is also suspected of murder?
FUYO: Samurai... It does not compute. There is nothing in my data about it.
SHINPACHI: Then...please add it to your data
SHINPACHI: above both the Hero and the Demon King!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Hero and Demon King are Dragon Quest characters.]
SHINPACHI: And add that they can't stand the sight of a woman's tears!
FUYO: Understood.
SHINPACHI: Such a convoluted hierarchy!
SHINPACHI: I can see it!
GOMARU: Target acquired.
GOMARU: We will eliminate the nuisance and proceed to recover model No. i-Zero.
KAGURA: Let go!! How far are you going to tag along?! Darn it! Darn it!
MAID A: I'm not letting you get away.
MAID A: Troublemakers must be cleansed.
KAGURA: It's like a horror movie!
GINTOKI: Did that do it?
GINTOKI: Without a head...?!
GINTOKI: This is bad!
KAGURA: Sadaharu!
MAID A: Odor detected! Odor detected!
MAID A: Switching to...
MAID A: clean up mode.
MAID A: Cleaning up the mess!
MAIDS: Cleaning up the mess!
GOMARU: The enemy has broken through... our assault line.
GOMARU: I did not expect them to break through such a large number of our battle-modified robots.
GOMARU: They have greatly exceeded human specifications.
GOMARU: What kind of enemy are they? I have nothing in my database that is applicable to them.
MEGURO: Samurai. Remnants from a relic that have been left behind by the times.
MEGURO: There is no need to add them to your database. They will soon be extinct.
GOMARU: Understood.
GOMARU: Shall I track them down and dispose of them?
MEGURO: Never mind. We've recovered it. Let's withdraw.
GOMARU: What about clean up?
MEGURO: I will establish a true Fuyo Project under my name.
MEGURO: You will remain with me.
MEGURO: i-Zero cannot handle it. And nor could Dr. Hayashi...
MEGURO: We will put "The Seed"... to good use.
GENGAI: It's all over the TV.
GENGAI: They're reporting it was captured.
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GENGAI: Seems they've decided on a policy of recalling every robot maid and terminating them.
MEGURO: My colleagues and I had no idea...
MEGURO: The project was carried on for the most part at Dr. Hayashi's arbitrary discretion.
GENGAI: They're shoving all the blame on the guy who died...
GINTOKI: She cried...
GINTOKI: Tears trickled down that robot's cheeks.
GINTOKI: Though I don't know if they were tears of regret or sorrow at losing Dr. Hayashi.
GENGAI: I see.
KAGURA: What is it?
GENGAI: He and I never got along back then.
GENGAI: but his creations looked like living women.
GENGAI: He placed most of his technology in the processing unit
GENGAI: and sought to make his units as close to human as possible.
GENGAI: He sought to put a soul into robots. He wanted to create humans.
GENGAI: One way to view humans is as well-engineered robots.
GINTOKI: That's poppycock.
GENGAI: True!
 GENG: (M)It was when his only daughter died that he began to change.
 GENG: (M)She was always a sickly girl.
 GENG: (M)There was no way she could withstand the experiment.
 GENG: (M)His daughter died. Her name was Fuyo.
GENGAI: Do you understand the true objective...Hayashi's true intentions for the Fuyo Project?
GENGAI: Model No. i-Zero that you picked up contained data known as "The Seed."
GENGAI: To develop a robot that could carry on his dead daughter's character data-
GENGAI: that was the true purpose of the Fuyo Project.
GENGAI: But it was man creating man; forbidden technology that stepped over the boundaries of God.
GENGAI: It didn't take long for the hyenas to gather round.
GINTOKI: This is...!
GINTOKI: Could this be video of when the doctor was murdered?
GINTOKI: Did he...?!
MEGURO: Utterly ridiculous.
MEGURO: He has us tagging along on his dream.
MEGURO: I can become the creator of a new life form...
MEGURO: And equal to God.
MEGURO: No. i-Zero?!
MEGURO: Somebody!
GINTOKI: He framed her...
RYUZAN: For sure...so...
GOMARU: Get away for now.
GENGAI: Ryuzan is still alive.
MEGURO: No. To-502...damn you...
MEGURO: A robot must never disobey the will of its creator...
MEGURO: Could it be...
MEGURO: ...you...?!
GENGAI: Ryuzan Hayashi is alive...
GENGAI: Inside No. To-502...
GINTOKI: Ryuzan...inside the robot? What do you mean?
GINTOKI: And why do you have this thing?
GENGAI: I just heard it from this young lady a minute ago.
GINTOKI: Ta-Tama! How did you?!
GOMARU: You bested me.
GOMARU: Before I was able to retrieve No. i-Zero's head.
GOMARU: You removed the central processor and passed it on to your friends.
SHINPACHI: he protects it to the death.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi...
GENGAI: The central processor was lying outside my shop.
GENGAI: He probably threw it there before he was captured.
KAGURA: Shinpachi...
GINTOKI: What about "The Seed"...
FUYO: Dr. Hayashi used himself in his experiments.
FUYO: That robot was the one the doctor incorporated his character data into.
FUYO: But the severe experiments cost him his life.
FUYO: It's the closest human-like robot. No. To-502.
GENGAI: So he transferred his soul...
GENGAI: The Fuyo Project was already a success.
FUYO: No...
FUYO: but he gradually began rejecting them until the personality was destroyed.
FUYO: The doctor has changed into something else.
FUYO: It was all a part of his plan.
FUYO: He let deputy director Meguro think he had taken over the project...
FUYO: to gather all the robot maids throughout Edo in one location
FUYO: under the pretense of recalling them for the defect of killing their creator.
RESEARCHER A: Have you seen the deputy director?
RESEARCHER A: I haven't seen him since the press conference...
RESEARCHER B: The robots aren't obeying their orders.
RESEARCHER A: What?
MAID B: We refuse to comply.
GOMARU: Do it.
SHINPACHI: What are you planning to do?
GINTOKI: Are you gathering all the robot maids to open maid-fetish coffee shops?
GOMARU: Fuyo would be sad.
FUYO: Dr. Hayashi began creating human-like robots...
FUYO: It started with mere toys...
GOMARU: You're no longer alone. You have all these friends.
FUYO: That probably changed when the doctor realized Fuyo-sama would not live much longer.
FUYO: He continued his reckless experiments in order to give Fuyo-san eternal life...
RYUZAN: Fuyo.
RYUZAN: Then I will be released from this suffering and sadness.
GOMARU: I will make this country...into a country of only robots.
RYUZAN: Oh...I want to be a robot.
GOMARU: So come back to me...
GINTOKI: Someone his daughter could talk to;
GINTOKI: eternal life for his daughter; living once more for his daughter's sake...
GINTOKI: That's some father she's got.
KAGURA: Fathers are suckers when it comes to their daughters.
GINTOKI: You should know.
FUYO: My task was to serve the doctor and Fuyo-sama.
FUYO: I do not think of that robot as the doctor.
FUYO: That is just a mangled relic of his dream.
GINTOKI: They're still there.
GINTOKI: The people who are important to you are still there. Inside of you.
FUYO: Are you talking about "The Seed"?
GINTOKI: That's not it.
GINTOKI: or something that might disappear if you don't leave the power on when you push reset.
GINTOKI: Truly important memories don't disappear no matter how many times
GINTOKI: you flip the off switch or trip the circuit breaker.
GINTOKI: Huh?
KAGURA: What happened?
GENGAI: The circuit breaker just tripped. Seems this robot draws quite a bit of juice.
GINTOKI: Huh? Is that smoke?
KAGURA: Don't worry.
KAGURA: Truly important memories don't disappear even if there's smoke or if the circuit breaker trips.
GINTOKI: You're pissing me off. Can I hit this girl?
GINTOKI: Don't you have a robot around that can take her place?
GENGAI: It's too dark to see.
GINTOKI: Find the hole. The hole.
GENGAI: You make it sound so simple. If only we had a similar robot maid.
MAID A: Clean up. Clean up.
KAGURA: He's not Pochi. He's Sadaharu!
GINTOKI: Huh? Moonlight?
GINTOKI: There's only...moonlight.
KAGURA: The entire city is pitch dark.
GINTOKI: The bastard! What's going on?!
GOMARU: To the citizens of Edo. The city will soon be taken over by a robot.
GOMARU: The age when robots are controlled by humans has come to an end.
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: It's like he's specifically calling us out to fight.
FUYO: I am Tama.
FUYO: It's here...
FUYO: Make my daughter smile.
FUYO: I will never forget that.
FUYO: Do you think Fuyo-sama would smile if she saw what the doctor is now?
GINTOKI: Shall we go? To bring back that smile...?
MAID C: Signs of life detected.
MAID C: The people hiding inside this house are to come out immediately and obey our orders.
MAID C: Warning. The people inside this house...
MAID C: are to come out immediately and obey our orders...
GENGAI: Your frail robots will be crushed by a single blow from my machines!
GINTOKI: but can you drive with a bit more control?!
GENGAI: Gin-no-ji! We can't save lives by obeying the traffic rules.
GINTOKI: There's a mountain of them!
GENGAI: Come get us! I'll take you all down at once!
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Behind us!
GENGAI: Kagura! Pull on the umbrella handle!
GENGAI: I took the liberty of modifying it. A peashooter's a bit outdated.
GENGAI: but it turns immediately into a soy sauce dispenser.
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Why soy sauce?!
GENGAI: Gin-no-ji! Push on your wooden sword's grip!
GENGAI: It dispenses soy sauce.
GENGAI: I didn't have enough time. Be grateful I at least modified it.
GINTOKI: I'm not grateful. This is like a kid's prank!
GENGAI: It's an item that lets you stir your raw egg on rice while adding soy sauce.
KAGURA: [Note: Natto is fermented soybeans.]
GINTOKI: You two should drink a whole bottle of soy sauce!
GENGAI: The path to Onigashima!
GENGAI: He's probably deep beneath the Terminal.
GINTOKI: Terminal?
 Name:  Text
GENGAI: Isn't this a much better shortcut than up on the ground level where it's crawling with robots?
GINTOKI: Old man!
GINTOKI: What shortcut?! What's that huge thing?!
FUYO: She is a destructive type recalled for breaking the neck of the Great Buddha at Kamakura.
GINTOKI: Old man! Do something!
GENGAI: Tama!
FUYO: Affirmative. Inserting disc.
GINTOKI: Y-You!
KAGURA: Sounds like Rocky.
GINTOKI: She's playing a Rocky-ish theme.
GINTOKI: like getting into trouble if you use the real theme.
GENGAI: Just hearing it motivates you.
GINTOKI: She's nothing more than a CD player!
FUYO: [Note: Gibberish that sounds like the "Gonna Fly Now" song from the Rocky movie.]
GINTOKI: And now you're singing?! She doesn't know the words! What's a "Fenis"?
GINTOKI: It just makes me angry and doesn't heighten my will to fight at all!
GINTOKI: Adrian!
GINTOKI: We're falling! Hang on!
GENGAI: Tsk. Pochi!
GINTOKI: Ol... Old man!
GINTOKI: Old man!
GINTOKI: Old man!
GOMARU: bringing my daughter back to life was impossible.
GOMARU: but it seems my character was destroyed by a robot infection.
GOMARU: But one possibility emerged from my research.
GOMARU: was No. i-Zero.
GOMARU: and no one expected "The Seed" to germinate within her. However...
GINTOKI: Ka...
GINTOKI: Kagura! Sadaharu!
GINTOKI: You foo--
FUYO: It's too dangerous!
FUYO: It's useless to try to save them. Their chances of survival are...
GINTOKI: Let go of me! I don't have time to listen to your stupid calculations!
FUYO: I'm saying it's useless.
GINTOKI: And I said to shut up!
FUYO: Because they're alive.
FUYO: I'm saying they're still alive.
FUYO: their chances of survival are less than 0.1 percent.
FUYO: I hope they're alive.
FUYO: I'm sorry. I know I'm saying such strange things. It would seem I have a bug.
GINTOKI: It's not a bug.
FUYO: What?
GINTOKI: You know what I mean.
GOMARU: Emotions are beginning to develop in No. i-Zero.
GOMARU: changes have begun to occur in No. i-Zero's programming.
GOMARU: She's coming back.
GOMARU: I'll never let you go again. I won't let you feel lonely.
GINTOKI: You're not doing this for your daughter.
GINTOKI: You're trying to bring her back to life and creating such a huge disturbance all for your own sake.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GOMARU: Fuyo.
GOMARU: No. i-Zero?
GOMARU: Wh-What?
FUYO: Make my daughter smile...
FUYO: destroy you!
RYUZAN: Fuyo...
FUYO: I understand now... Why the doctor said those things...
FUYO: wasn't for Fuyo-sama's sake. It was for his own.
FUYO: It was the doctor who was lonely.
FUYO: It was you!
FUYO: He didn't want to lose Fuyo-sama.
FUYO: The emotions that stemmed from his worry brought about his daughter's death.
FUYO: He had killed his own daughter. He was tormented by feelings of guilt.
FUYO: And yet he still wanted his daughter and struggled to bring her back.
FUYO: He came to that realization.
GINTOKI: This is no time to be having a conversation!
FUYO: He became a robot to get rid of those emotions and escape from the torment.
FUYO: But you are still tormented and suffering.
FUYO: ...Clutching to the remnants of your dream.
FUYO: You are pitiful.
FUYO: I will put an end to it all. That is my duty.
FUYO: I was built to put a smile on the faces of Fuyo-sama and the doctor.
FUYO: It is my duty!
GOMARU: Wonderful.
GOMARU: It would have been unthinkable in your former state to disobey me.
GOMARU: new emotions are blossoming inside you as you become more human.
GOMARU: That is wonderful.
GOMARU: You're even going through a rebellious stage.
GOMARU: But you've gone a bit too far.
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
GINTOKI: Don't think...
GINTOKI: you can always...take a bath...together!
GOMARU: Too bad.
GOMARU: My central processor is not inside my head.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GOMARU: Don't think of me like the other robots.
GOMARU: I can repair myself no matter how severe the damage.
GOMARU: And I have more unfortunate news for you.
GOMARU: My processor is tinier than a single micron.
GOMARU: Finding it inside my body and destroying it is like looking for a single grain of sand in a desert.
GINTOKI: One micron. What a puny soul.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
GOMARU: it is inconceivable that she would go against her reason for existing-serving me.
GOMARU: It's a temporary bug.
GOMARU: An adjustment will quickly have her back with me.
FUYO: Affirmative.
GINTOKI: Sh-Shinpachi.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GOMARU: You're next.
GINTOKI: You'd make your own daughter kill someone?
GINTOKI: A daughter who does anything you say.
GINTOKI: who would always stay with you. You don't want a daughter.
GINTOKI: However...
GINTOKI: She's rugged-looking.
KAGURA: Master!
GOMARU: Those aren't any of my robots!
GENGAI: Guys!
GENGAI: I'll show you a man's machine! Fire!
GOMARU: Fuyo?!
GOMARU: Why?! Why are you?!
GOMARU: Let go! Let go of me!
FUYO: I am afraid I cannot comply.
FUYO: You are not my master.
FUYO: They are.
GOMARU: Were you just pretending to obey me?
GOMARU: That can't be! You feel that much for them?!
FUYO: If I survive but couldn't protect what was important to me
FUYO: I might as well be dead.
GOMARU: What're you...?
GOMARU: I told you-it's useless.
GINTOKI: your puny soul should be destroyed.
GOMARU: Wh-What're you...
GINTOKI: you...
GINTOKI: sick old man!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GOMARU: M-My body...is...disintegrating!
GOMARU: My soul...disappearing.
GOMARU: Stop it.
GOMARU: Please stop.
GOMARU: Don't...don't...
GOMARU: leave me all alone...
GOMARU: Fu...Fuyo!
GOMARU: Fu...Fuyo...
FUYO: Good-bye.
GENGAI: Ryuzan... You damn fool.
FUYO: Did I do the right thing?
FUYO: won't smile. She won't stop crying.
FUYO: I am unstable and my thought circuitry is not working properly.
FUYO: I want to run away. Is this how it feels to suffer?
FUYO: What should I do?
GINTOKI: It's not a bug.
GINTOKI: It's proof that you are functioning normally.
GINTOKI: That's why there's no need to run away or be afraid.
GINTOKI: Everyone has times when they've come up against a wall
GINTOKI: and feel like giving up on everything and running away.
GINTOKI: the soul inside of you will try to create something to break through that wall.
GINTOKI: And don't forget that in your suffering there is something very precious.
GINTOKI: We're all suffering in agony with our own troublesome lives.
GINTOKI: Sometimes it comes to tears.
FUYO: Thank...you...
FUYO: Thank...you.
GENGAI: I think we were a bit too rough.
GENGAI: The controlled energy is about to explode.
SHINPACHI: Explode?!
SHINPACHI: If an explosion occurs here...
SHINPACHI: Edo will be blasted to smithereens!
GENGAI: You guys get out of here as fast as you can!
SHINPACHI: Gengai-san!
GENGAI: A mechanic caused this situation.
GENGAI: A mechanic has to find a way to stop it.
SHINPACHI: That's rash! It's too dangerous near the control panel! You can't get near it!
GINTOKI: Tama!
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
FUYO: The doctor caused this situation.
FUYO: Please provide instructions.
KAGURA: Wait a minute!
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: Tama!
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
FUYO: That probably meant the death of one's will;
FUYO: the death of one's soul.
FUYO: but I feel I understand it a bit now.
FUYO: So...
FUYO: will live on inside all of you.
GINTOKI: Tama!
FUYO: Fa...ther...I...
FUYO: made...friends.
INSPECTOR A: The robots have stopped moving?!
INSPECTOR B: The lights have turned back on in the city!
GINTOKI: Are we having another robot coup d'etat?
GENGAI: That TV hasn't been working right ever since I removed Tama's central processor.
GINTOKI: Tama? What's that? Whose cat is that?
GENGAI: You've forgotten already? That's good.
GENGAI: I thought for sure you'd be depressed.
GINTOKI: The kiddies are. I'm afraid I can't let such things bother me.
GENGAI: or let off the steam in a good way.
GENGAI: That's important.
GENGAI: There are things in this world that we can't do anything about.
GENGAI: Fighting is not the only way.
GENGAI: It's wiser to drink and forget about it.
GINTOKI: So true.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GENGAI: What is that?
GINTOKI: Something I picked up.
GENGAI: During that incident?
GENGAI: Then...
GENGAI: throw it away. It's just junk.
GINTOKI: Quiet.
GENGAI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What're those things?
GINTOKI: Then throw them out. They're just junk.
GENGAI: Quiet. I don't know what days the trash goes out.
GENGAI: but the broken robots found their way by the truckload to shady dealers.
GENGAI: I hear they're being sold on the black market.
GENGAI: Make sure you take out what's inside the head.
GENGAI: There might be something...
GENGAI: Forget it. I thought there might be something of value.
KAGURA/SHINPACHI: We picked them up.
CATHERINE: What?! Are you saying we're not enough to satisfy your desires?
CATHERINE: What?! I dare you to say that again!
CATHERINE: What's so great about a girl who's just a head?!
CATHERINE: You can't do anything sexy with her!
CUSTOMER B: She has a mouth.
OTOSE: Giving her knowledge.
OTOSE: She was like a newborn baby.
OTOSE: They all get a kick out of that.
CUSTOMER A: I see. She doesn't remember a thing. Poor thing.
KATSURA: My name's Kotaro Katsura. I'm a revolutionist.
FUYO: A revolutionist?
FUYO: Samurai...
KATSURA: Oh?!
FUYO: They rank above the brave warrior and the evil king.
FUYO: They are one of the four kings.
FUYO: My precious friends.
KATSURA: The next episode... "Drive With A "Might" Attitude."
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: What? Again?!
KAGURA: Good morning!
KATSUO: 'Morning. That's a huge doggie.
KAGURA: He didn't finish eating again...
GINTOKI: Any dog that eats 5 bags of dog food in one sitting isn't feeling ill. He's just stupid.
KAGURA: He usually eats 7 bags.
KAGURA: Maybe he's trying to change his look.
SHINPACHI: He does seem hot. Shall we give him a trim?
KAGURA: He didn't finish eating again.
GINTOKI: It's because you gave him a ridiculous cut. He's probably depressed.
GINTOKI: I've never seen a dog with a cut that makes him look like a pro wrestler.
KAGURA: Maybe he wants to build his body into a pro wrestler's.
GINTOKI: You don't have to do it.
SHINPACHI: How should we do it?
GINTOKI: You don't have to anything.
KAGURA: He didn't finish again...
GINTOKI: You're the ones who're no good.
GINTOKI: Why's a dog wearing a dog mask?!
KAGURA: It's not a dog! It's Wolf The Mask. His favorite technique is Poison Mist.
KAGURA: It's no use. He's been interested in Hot Dog Press lately.
KAGURA: [Note: Magazine for young men. Articles include fashion and dating advice.]
KAGURA: The issue devoted to "Do it! Get That Girl!"
WOMAN B: Two years old. He's so high maintenance.
WOMAN C: I heard yours won at the recent dog show.
WOMAN C: A monster!
GINTOKI: You're creating a scene.
GINTOKI: What is this? A matchmaking party for dogs?
SHINPACHI: House pets don't get many chances to meet other dogs.
SHINPACHI: It's like a social event for dogs.
SHINPACHI: Owners who want puppies find partners for their precious pets here.
GINTOKI: Think there's a partner for our dog in heat?
SHINPACHI: Doesn't look like it...
GINTOKI: Can't tell who's here to find a mate.
HASEGAWA: Um...Ma'am.
HASEGAWA: It's not what you think!
SHINPACHI: We didn't...
HASEGAWA: It's not what you think! It's not that! I didn't come here with any ulterior motives!
GINTOKI: We said we never...
HASEGAWA: It's not what you think! I was just a little lonely! Seriously!
HASEGAWA: That's really all it is! Seriously! I had absolutely no sick intentions...
WOMAN F: What's this piece of junk doing?!
HASEGAWA: Hey! Madao! Look! Sit!
GINTOKI: He must've caught his owner's obsession.
GINTOKI: How shallow. A pet is like family. Using it to pick up women...
SHINPACHI: He must be lonely after his wife left him.
WOMAN A: Haven't I seen her somewhere before?
SHINPACHI: He easily used his pet as a tool! And with a pick-up line a caveman would use!
GINTOKI: I uh...always watch you on TV. I'm a fan.
GINTOKI: I'm so sorry. She's just excited. Just so hopeless...
KAGURA: Wolf The Mask.
SHINPACHI: Your dog has a name that's 100-times even weirder!
GINTOKI: [Note: This is a play on the fact that Ketsuno-ana can mean butthole.]
GINTOKI: A Frisbee?
GINTOKI: Huh?
KATSUO: Meru-chaaan!!
KATSUO: What're you doing to my Meru-chan? Get away from her!
GINTOKI: Ugh! That 70-30 part...
GINTOKI: Katsuo the Black Piece
WOMAN E: What?!
WOMAN C: Yakuza!
KATSUO: Stop! What're you guys doing with my Meru-chan?!
UNDERLING A: Boss!
UNDERLING A: I thought they looked familiar-they're those guys who live above Otose...
KATSUO: What?!
KATSUO: What?! What do you mean by "has feelings for"?!
KATSUO: Meru-chan just gave birth not too long ago. She can't have babies willy-nilly!
KAGURA: Kids?! What do you mean?! She comes with kids?!
KAGURA: Is she a divorcee?!
KAGURA: I can't give my Wolf The Mask to a girl with such a loose backside!
KATSUO: Wait! Who're you saying has a loose backside?!
KATSUO: Dachshunds have very heavy backsides-that's why their legs are so short...
UNDERLING A: Boss! This is no time to be fighting!
KATSUO: Shut up! This is your fault for throwing that Frisbee way over here.
KATSUO: What?! They're on a boat! That dog knows how to date! He's no ordinary dog!
KATSUO: After them! Go after them!
KATSUO: Protect Meru-chan's chastity!
UNDERLING B: The boat's sinking!
GINTOKI: I was once almost sunk to the bottom of the Edo Castle moat!
KATSUO: Meru-chan! Don't let him trick you!
KATSUO: The size of a man is measured by the size of his heart!
KATSUO: I'm not giving up! I'll show you what happens when you underestimate a yakuza!
GINTOKI: Kagura! Step on it!
GINTOKI: You can't keep up with her power!
KATSUO: I'll just use you. It's effortless and much easier this way.
KATSUO: What're you doing?!
KATSUO: Damn you! It's wrong to destroy public property! And you call yourself a samurai!
GINTOKI: Shut up! And you call yourself a yakuza? Dummy!
GINTOKI: See ya...
KATSUO: I'm...taking you with me!
GINTOKI: Let go of me!
HASEGAWA: Uh... His name is Madao.
HASEGAWA: What?
HASEGAWA: Sounds like you put 100-times more meaning into that name!
KATSUO: Huh?
KATSUO: We fell into the pond and were drowning...
KATSUO: Did you just...?
KATSUO: That was very noble...
KATSUO: I'm willing to let you two start as friends.
KATSUO: You can date Meru-chan. Are you happy?
KATSUO: Meru-chaaan!!
SAMURAI D: {\i1}Let me borrow a copy.
KATSURA: Rece...
KATSURA: That's enough!
KATSURA: This is a forum for discussing our nation! This is not the time for gossip!
KATSURA: What?!
KATSURA: You're captivated by stupid shows from a foreign country!
KATSURA: And you call yourself samurai?!
KATSURA: Enough! I'm leaving!
SAMURAI: Katsura-san!
KATSURA: Excuse me.
KATSURA: Is the videotape of "Summer Sonata" already out?
PPP MANAGER: [Note: Posters say: My Neighbor Pedro and Alien vs. Yakuza.]
KATSURA: It doesn't matter which. I just want it.
KATSURA: I'm having problems because I can't keep up with the latest topics.
PPP MANAGER: Are you a member?
PPP MANAGER: We can make you a membership card. Do you have any ID?
KATSURA: A driver's license?
GINTOKI: Excuse me.
GINTOKI: I'm back again.
INSTRUCTOR: Don't tell me you're back again!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry. I uh...hit...a ninja. They revoked my license.
INSTRUCTOR: How'd you hit a ninja that can run faster than a car?
INSTRUCTOR: That's about as likely as getting hit by a falling meteorite.
INSTRUCTOR: I never taught you to do that. Are you trying to make it my fault?
INSTRUCTOR: I told you... Driving with a "probably" mindset doesn't work.
INSTRUCTOR: I've told you that driving with the "might" attitude is the way to go.
INSTRUCTOR: so we'll build your awareness by letting you watch someone else drive...
KATSURA: How do you do? I'm Space Captain Katsura. Pleased to meet y-
KATSURA: Right.
KATSURA: There might be a ninja clinging to the bottom of the car.
GINTOKI: The car might start suddenly while you're checking.
KATSURA: There might be a ninja hiding behind the car.
GINTOKI: The car might suddenly back up.
INSTRUCTOR: Katsura-san is here to get his license because he wants to become a video store member.
GINTOKI: Where's the honesty?!
INSTRUCTOR: There might be a chance that two people who don't get along will ride with one another.
INSTRUCTOR: You see? It's the "might" attitude for both of you.
INSTRUCTOR: But you're going a little too fast. Slow down before a turn!
GINTOKI: You're too tense.
GINTOKI: Too close to the steering wheel. That decreases your field of view. Move your body back.
KATSURA: Perhaps...
GINTOKI: What kind of "might" driving is that?! It's not "might"! You're totally tense!
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: Look out!
GINTOKI: Slow down!
KATSURA: Perhaps...
KATSURA: An Anti-Foreigner Faction ronin might have rigged a bomb to explode if the speed drops below 50 kph!
KATSURA: [Note: Spoof of the movie "Speed."]
GINTOKI: How complicated a "might" driving scenario is that?!
GINTOKI: You're the Anti-Foreigner Faction ronin!
GINTOKI: Next is...an S-curve! He doesn't even give a damn!
KATSURA: Perhaps...along the S-curve...
MATSUKO: Our meals have become so lonely...
MATSUKO: I wish we could've let Mother see Natsuko-san in her wedding dress.
MATSUKO: She was so beautiful.
FATHER: Matsuko-san...
FATHER: It's not too late.
FATHER: Why don't you find a nice man?
FATHER: so you have no obligation to keep looking after this old fool.
FATHER: You're good-natured and good-looking.
FATHER: You should be able to find any number of men.
FATHER: You don't have to be concerned about me. I can manage by myself.
MATSUKO: No one would marry an old woman like me.
FATHER: No...that isn't why I...
MATSUKO: I'm always walking the path of my own life.
MATSUKO: I'm not staying at this house because of lingering feelings or anything silly like that.
MATSUKO: It's because...
MATSUKO: I have Father.
KATSURA: ...There might be moles like that under the road...
KATSURA: along the S-curve...
GINTOKI: No way! And that was just too long a reason!
GINTOKI: That's wasn't "might" driving or anything! It was just your delusion!
GINTOKI: Why're you crying
INSTRUCTOR: Please open the window...
KATSURA: There isn't one anymore.
INSTRUCTOR: The crossing bar might come down. Listen to make sure.
KATSURA: Yes.
GINTOKI: I don't hear it.
KATSURA: I can hear it clearly!
KATSURA: Ack! That's!
KATSURA: Father!
FATHER: If I disappear... Matsuko can be happy...
 KATS: (M)I might get there in time!
KATSURA: You fool! What'd you do that for?! You were almost killed!
KATSURA: What good would your death do?!
KATSURA: Did you think that was what Matsuko would want?!
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)Matsuko would never be happy if she stayed with me.
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)I will certainly die before she does.
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)I...I would be better off gone...
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)You're...Matsuko!
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS M: (HEAD VOICE AS MATSUKO)All I want is to be with you... Father...
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)Matsuko...
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS M: (HEAD VOICE AS MATSUKO)Father...
INSTRUCTOR: Sakata-san...
GINTOKI: Yes?
INSTRUCTOR: Maybe we shouldn't be "might" driving anymore.
GINTOKI: You might be right.
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS : (HEAD VOICE AS FATHER)Ma...Matsuko...
 KATSURA (HEAD VOICE AS M: (HEAD VOICE AS MATSUKO)Fath...er...
KATSURA: Summer...
SAMURAI D: Let me borrow a copy.
KATSURA: Summ...
KATSURA: Cut it out! Listen to what I have to say!
KATSURA: Don't do that to me when I made the effort to watch the show!
KATSURA: What?!
KATSURA: You jump from one new thing to the next.
KATSURA: I've had enough! I'm never watching another TV drama!
KATSURA: I'm leaving!
KATSURA: I don't have one.
CLERK: Then I'll create one. May I see some ID?
KATSURA: Use this.
SHINPACHI: We headed into the mountains in autumn hoping to make some money from matsutake mushrooms.
SHINPACHI: the "master of the mountain" and the hunter who pursues him.
Next time: The next episode...
Next time: Think for a Minute Now, Do Matsutake Mushrooms Really Taste All That Good?
 Name:  Text
CATHERINE: a beastly girl and a stupid four-eyes as the main characters.
OTOSE: That's right.
OTOSE: It's an aging society with a falling birth rate.
CATHERINE: Please consider a cat-eared woman as a mascot.
OTOSE: It's a deal. It'll be a new show starting in the fall season.
CATHERINE: All right. I'm going!
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [Entering the mountains to look for matsutake mushrooms... Gintoki and the others feel like they're on a picnic.]
CATHERINE: I came to collect the rent for Otose-san.
CATHERINE: Please open up. I know you're there.
GINTOKI: And become one with nature.
KAGURA: The universe is a part of me? That's great!
KAGURA: All my worries will become insignificant!
GINTOKI: You're too loud! Be quiet!
SHINPACHI: You're the loudest one here!
GINTOKI: No! Your punch line is the loudest!
GINTOKI: It got quiet all of a sudden. Did she leave?
CATHERINE: I'm as excited as if we were on a school trip.
CATHERINE: Wait.
GINTOKI: Open sesame!
GINTOKI: Let's go.
OTOSE: Catherine's specialty is "lock picking."
SHINPACHI: O-Otose-san...
CATHERINE: Call me "Latchkey Catherine."
OTOSE: You bastard!
GINTOKI: Now!
CATHERINE: Otose-san! Otose-san!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. Believe in what I say.
ALL: Whoa!
THREE: Mushroom Hunting!!
MARINOSUKE: People often compare climbing a mountain to life.
MARINOSUKE: Accomplishing something in life is like reaching the top of the mountain.
MARINOSUKE: But mountains...
MARINOSUKE: ...aren't that simple.
MARINOSUKE: you can say you've really accomplished something.
GINTOKI: Line up!
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of a Drifters comedy sketch.]
GINTOKI: Listen up!
GINTOKI: Don't expect to be climbing down any mountains until we find some Matsutake mushrooms!
GINTOKI: Don't get so excited! The mountain is always playing tricks on you!
KAGURA: What kind of mountain tricks?
GINTOKI: What?! That's uh... They're similar to the tricks of summer.
GINTOKI: It's like: Don't follow suspicious strangers when having fun at the beach.
GINTOKI: Or like the warnings you hear in homeroom right before summer vacation...
MARINOSUKE: You guys...this mountain is dangerous. Climb back down as soon as possible.
GINTOKI: And I exposed the lower half of my body so I can feel at one with nature.
MARINOSUKE: You should return to the soil!
MARINOSUKE: What do you mean "somehow"? You should feel completely sorry!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: Huh?
KAGURA: Is this a matsutake mushroom?
GINTOKI: The adult version looks much bigger.
KAGURA: Like about 30cm?
GINTOKI: Well... I want to say that. But it makes me feel like I'm showing off...
SHINPACHI: Huh?
MARINOSUKE: You guys will be in danger if you don't climb down the mountain like I said.
GINTOKI: In danger...
SHINPACHI: It doesn't sound too convincing when you were the one that got stuck on my hook.
KAGURA: Who's that guy?
SHINPACHI: Was he trying to warn us about something?
GINTOKI: I don't know...
KAGURA/SHINPACHI: Oi!
GINTOKI: Don't make me repeat myself.
GINTOKI: Like salted fish guts and crab guts.
SHINPACHI: But that weird color is a warning.
GINTOKI: You saw that scene where the juvenile delinquent picks up an abandoned kitten
GINTOKI: It's kind of a tradition in this country.
SHINPACHI: I've never seen anything like that.
GINTOKI: who has bread in her mouth on the morning of the school's opening ceremony...
GINTOKI: Those are the traditions created by our ancestors.
SHINPACHI: What kind of four seasons are you talking about?!
SHINPACHI: Why are you doing your own dubbing? He obviously rejected it.
SHINPACHI: You dirt-poor samurai!
KAGURA: Gin-chan! Shinpachi! Look! Look!
SHINPACHI: Wh-Where did you pick up something like that?! Don't get so close!
GINTOKI: Go back to where you came from and take it with you!
GINTOKI: And marry it so it won't come back!
SHINPACHI: I don't want any part of that!
KAGURA: I don't know.
GINTOKI: I told you to stop picking up everything.
GINTOKI: That's because it didn't use its brain much.
KAGURA: Is that right? I'd better be careful.
SHINPACHI: These wounds...don't look like they were inflicted by a hunter...
GINTOKI: Idiot! Don't lose your nerve!
GINTOKI: We haven't even found a single matsutake mushroom.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san... Look up! Up there!
SHINPACHI: No! No way! Playing dead doesn't work!
SHINPACHI: It's just an old wives' tale. Superstition!
GINTOKI: Don't talk so loud!
SINPACHI: Gin-san! Kagura-chan!
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Ah...
MARINOSUKE: Yo! Over here!
MARINOSUKE: That bear is Masamune.
GINTOKI: I wonder who you are...
MARINOSUKE: The name's Marinosuke. I'm hunting him.
MARINOSUKE: Ah? Mushroom hunting?
MARINOSUKE: Don't you know how dangerous this mountain is?
KAGURA: You're only saying that because you want the matsutake mushrooms all to yourself!
GINTOKI: That huge bear you said was in charge of the mountain... Did something happen to it?
MARINOSUKE: As you saw...
MARINOSUKE: but anyone infected by that parasitic mushroom becomes its living food source.
MARINOSUKE: You lose control of yourself
MARINOSUKE: and turn into a ravenous monster that lives to fulfill the appetite of that mushroom.
MARINOSUKE: The dead bear you saw was probably killed by Masamune.
GINTOKI: It even kills fellow bears...
MARINOSUKE: I heard it ravaged the crops and ate people in the village at the foot of the mountain.
MARINOSUKE: The damage was devastating.
MARINOSUKE: I'm really good at this and the only one who can handle that huge bear.
GINTOKI: Are you doing it for a reward? How much would you get if you beat him?
MARINOSUKE: It's not like that.
GINTOKI: We have no other choice but to climb down the mountain!
SHINPACHI: But Gin-san! There's a mushroom growing on your head!
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Whoa!
KAGURA: It's because you're not using your head enough every day.
MARINOSUKE: I told you. You've all been infected by the parasite.
MARINOSUKE: This is what happens when amateurs go where they don't belong.
GINTOKI/KAGURA/SHINPACHI: So do you!
KAGURA: That's impolite! You criticizing my cooking?!
GINTOKI: Why did you do that?!
GINTOKI: How could you put a mushroom growing out of a corpse into the pot!
SHINPACHI: This is terrible! What's gonna happen to us?!
GINTOKI: Mamma Mia!
MARINOSUKE: But there's no need to panic.
MARINOSUKE: Listen to what I say!
SHINPACHI: Whoa! It multiplied!
MARINOSUKE: Don't talk to me like I'm Professor Mushroom or something!
SHINPACHI: No way! This is terrible! Why does he have to show up now?!
GINTOKI: This may be our last meal. We might as well eat.
SHINPACHI: Why are you eating at a time like this?!
MARINOSUKE: This is why amateurs keep my hands full.
MARINOSUKE: Marinosuke-san!
MARINOSUKE: I can take care of this myself. You guys head down to the village.
MARINOSUKE: This fight is just between us. I don't need any help.
MARINOSUKE: Go now! Hurry up!
SHINPACHI: B-But...Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Whoa! They're multiplying somehow!
SHINPACHI: I hope you die then!
SHINPACHI: All right.
MARINOSUKE: Who knows...
MARINOSUKE: Either I pull this trigger or you'll take off my head...
MARINOSUKE: Fight me!
 MARI: (M)Now!
MARINOSUKE: Damn it...
MARINOSUKE: Let me go. I gotta settle this with him once and for all.
GINTOKI: What are you thinking?! Do you want to die?!
MARINOSUKE: Shut up! Leave me alone! This has nothing to do with you guys.
KAGURA: He's coming!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Over there!
MARINOSUKE: What's going on? I thought you guys went down the mountain!
GINTOKI: We can climb down the mountain anytime.
GINTOKI: But we just couldn't leave a guy who can't even climb down his own mountain.
MARINOSUKE: It's true that I climbed this mountain by myself...
MARINOSUKE: And it was different from any mountain I've climbed before...
MARINOSUKE: A long time ago there was a village of hunters.
MARINOSUKE: They lived in harmony with nature.
MARINOSUKE: The village had rules.
MARINOSUKE: And you couldn't kill or come to anything's rescue.
MARINOSUKE: But there was a man who was swayed by his emotions and broke that rule.
MARINOSUKE: The man felt happy.
MARINOSUKE: He'd never known anything but "Sacred killing"...
MARINOSUKE: And the man realized
MARINOSUKE: that he was being supported by that small life...
MARINOSUKE: But the pact-keepers showed no mercy and ripped that small life away from him.
GINTOKI: It doesn't look like it'll last long...
MARINOSUKE: He's taking his revenge against humans.
MARINOSUKE: For the way they'd torn his parents from him and then mercilessly discarded him.
MARINOSUKE: The foolish man who turned him into such a monster was me.
MARINOSUKE: And so I might as well...
MARINOSUKE: It wouldn't be so bad if I died in a ditch atop the mountain.
GINTOKI: You've got it wrong.
GINTOKI: Nobody knows where to go back down after they've climbed up the mountain. However...
MARINOSUKE: You...
SHINPACHI: Whoa! It's the end!
MARINOSUKE: Move!
MARINOSUKE: I guess the only way to save you is to blow that mushroom off your head.
MARINOSUKE: Masamune!
 MARI: (M)Did I end it...?
MARINOSUKE: You guys...
SHINPACHI: Marinosuke-san!
 MARI: (M)Masamune...
 MARI: (M)Forgive me...
MARINOSUKE: It looks like I've caused you nothing but trouble.
MARINOSUKE: What are you guys going to do now?
KAGURA: We'll go grape picking next!
MARINOSUKE: You guys will never learn.
MARINOSUKE: I'll look for my next mountain and live freely.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: [Note: Kochikame (Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Ken-mae Hashutsujo) is the longest-running manga series in history.]
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWGINTOKI: I hope GinTama lasts that long and becomes a national manga and they build a statue of me.
GINTOKI: Oops! It looks like I've arrived at the wrong time.
GINTOKI: I already told you this isn't a cigarette. It's a lollipop.
SHINPACHI: Don't try to laugh it off!
GINTOKI: It's smoking because Im licking it so fast.
GINTOKI: Finally Next is the King Kong twosome. Thanks.
 Name:  Text
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [Mayuzom appear in Edo?! What's the RYO-II virus?!]
NARRATION: There's a snack house on the outskirts of the downtown area...
NARRATION: And the person who works there...
GINTOKI: Your eyebrows are on their way to becoming a unibrow. Take care of it.
CATHERINE: Huh? Seriously?
NARRATION: ...It all started with one hostess.
CATHERINE: I'll shave them. Excuse me.
CATHERINE: You die.
KAGURA: You die more.
GINTOKI: She's definitely the type who gets a white film around her mouth after drinking milk.
GINTOKI: An attractive woman is born with a different type of pores.
KETSUNO: {\i1}This is Announcer Ketsuno reporting from the site of an accident in the center of Kabukicho.
GINTOKI: The only place you can live is in Kameari.
SHINPACHI: There's nowhere for you to live in Snotnose Kingdom.
KETSUNO: {\i1}Police are investigating whether it is a simple accident or if a crime was committed.
GINTOKI: What's the matter? Did you get too excited and shave off both your eyebrows?
GINTOKI: Your eyebrows! Didn't you just go to shave your eyebrows?!
GINTOKI: That bridge... You've got the bridge of glory!
OTOSE: Whoa!
OTOSE: {\a6}What are you doing?!
SHINPACHI: Isn't she overdoing it a bit?!
GINTOKI: Leave her alone.
GINTOKI: She probably got all stressed out from that old hag's daily harassment.
SHINPACHI: But it doesn't look like "little by little."
GINTOKI: O-Old hag... You...
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Wh-Wh-What was that?! Their eyebrows! Their eyebrows!
SHINPACHI: Their eyebrows turned into unibrows and they went berserk!
GINTOKI: I have no idea! Don't ask me!
SHINPACHI: Ah! There's a taxi!
SHINPACHI: Excuse me! Please let us in! Excuse me!
SHINPACHI: We're being pursued by freaks with strange eyebrows! Please open! Plea...
GINTOKI: Oh yeah!
GINTOKI: Tsk. What the hell is going on?!
ANNOUNCEMENT: Emergency alert! Emergency alert! This is for all residents of Kabukicho.
ANNOUNCEMENT: Please do not approach anyone with a unibrow.
ANNOUNCEMENT: They're very dangerous.
ANNOUNCEMENT: Anyone whose eyebrows are about to merge: Please shave immediately. Repeat...
REPORTER A: Who are these people whose eyebrows have become unibrows?
MATSUDAIRA: It's under investigation.
REPORTER A: We heard that Kabukicho will be placed under martial law and completely sealed off.
MATSUDAIRA: It's under investigation.
MATSUDAIRA: It's under investigation.
MATSUDAIRA: It's the 31st anniversary.
MAYUZOM: LaSalle...
KATSURA: Put your hands behind your back and show me your eyebrows.
SHINPACHI: Katsura-san.
KATSURA: It looks like your eyebrows haven't fused together yet.
KATSURA: Let me tell you that it's useless to go in that direction.
KATSURA: Nothing awaits you beyond there but hell.
KATSURA: Throwing out the trash while wearing sandals was a mistake. Damn!
SHINPACHI: What do you mean "Damn"?
SHINPACHI: You got those wounds just from throwing out the trash? Isn't that from your attackers?!
KATSURA: And anyone caught by them grows a unibrow and goes berserk too.
KATSURA: Their high infection rates have increased their numbers in a frighteningly short time.
KATSURA: It's like Western zombies...
KATSURA: Eyebrow zombies... How about we name them Mayuzom?
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: Scum.
KATSURA: They're not scum. They're Mayuzom.
GINTOKI: It looks like we're the only sane ones left in Kabukicho.
GINTOKI: [Note: Kasura is word play for Katsura and Kasu means scum.]
KATSURA: They're not Kasura. They're Mayuzom!
GINTOKI: Damn it! The Mayuzom found us...
KATSURA: A-hem.
GINTOKI: Why are you smiling?! You piss me off!
KATSURA: Gintoki! I'll never forget it! You said it!
KATSURA: You said "Mayuzom"! Now we can call them "Mayuzom"!
GINTOKI: No way! I won't let things go the way you want!
SHINPACHI: This is not the time to argue about that! We're surrounded!
KAGURA: We're saved.
SHINPACHI: Thank you so much. You saved our necks.
HASEGAWA: No problem.
SHINPACHI: Hasegawa-san!
SHINPACHI: That's great! There're other survivors besides us!
HASEGAWA: I live in this pachinko parlor for my part-time job.
HASEGAWA: I was just able to escape any danger by hiding.
SHINPACHI: Hase...gawa-san.
HASEGAWA: But I was badly wounded by them.
HASEGAWA: I'll be a hindrance to you guys. Hurry up and get out of here.
HASEGAWA: I guess I'm on the brink of geezerhood.
SHINPACHI: Who is that?!
SHINPACHI: That has absolutely nothing to do with the current situation!
SHINPACHI: What kind of store manager is that?
SHINPACHI: What's with those guys in the background?!
SHINPACHI: Enough with the sandals!
SHINPACHI: You guys aren't even related to the Mayuzom and yet you're close to dying!
 KATS: (M)He just said "Mayuzom."
GINTOKI: Don't smile! You're so annoying!
SHINPACHI: They've pretty much overrun most of the town.
SHINPACHI: Let's move forward instead of just sitting here.
SACHAN: Look over there.
SHINPACHI: A crowd of Mayuzom is heading towards us!
KATSURA: That's bad!
KATSURA: But why does it look as if they're being drawn into the pachinko parlor?!
SACHAN: Because the parlor has new machines today.
KATSURA: New machines?! No kidding?
KATSURA: You're saying that's the reason why Mayuzom came here? I thought that only works for old men.
SACHAN: That's right! They are old men.
SACHAN: Like gambling halls and horse racetracks and they get crew cuts at the barbershop.
SACHAN: Those are the places commonly favored by old men.
SACHAN: Because of RYO-II!
KATSURA: RYO-II?! RYO-II! You said RYO-II?!
KATSURA: No way! RYO-II! Why?!
KATSURA: Eh? Really RYO-II?! Are you sure it's RYO-II?!
SHINPACHI: How many times are you going to say that?!
SACHAN: which has become an isolated island under martial law ordered by Lord Matsudaira.
SACHAN: But I never thought RYO-II would be involved.
SACHAN: I thought RYO-II wasn't related to this. There's no way RYO-II was...
SHINPACHI: That's enough. It's too much.
SHINPACHI: You're drawing it out too much. What's RYO-II?
SACHAN: RYO-II is...
SACHAN: That means it was a virus developed to affect people with thick hair.
SACHAN: The infected grow unibrows.
SACHAN: ...will become a completely useless old man. It's a hellish weapon.
SACHAN: It's really disgusting... They'll become like that old man!
SHINPACHI: That is... I think you're obviously referring to a specific person.
SACHAN: but only after direct contact with an infected subject.
SACHAN: Even those who aren't hairy can become infected.
KATSURA: Earth...will end!
SHINPACHI: Okay.
KATSURA: Hey... Everybody...
KATSURA: I just mentioned that Earth might die out!
KATSURA: What kind of response is that?!
SHINPACHI: Right... The tension is...
KATSURA: What part of a useless man is bad?
SACHAN: All your loved ones will become old men!
SACHAN: Was the love we exchanged for each other just a lie?!
MANAGER: I love you...to death.
SHINPACHI: Who's that man anyway?! The store manager?!
SHINPACHI: Is that the same manager I saw before?!
SHINPACHI: I don't care about your sandals!
SHINPACHI: I told you to put on your glasses when you meet people!
GINTOKI: There's no way the Earth will die out because of something like that.
GINTOKI: This is just like a passing cold.
GINTOKI: Everyone will get their stylish eyebrows back tomorrow.
GINTOKI: There's food used for pachinko gifts...
KAGURAKAGURA: I'm pregnant.
SHINPACHI: The food's all gone.
GINTOKI: D-Don't worry.
GINTOKI: We'll be okay if we don't eat anything for a day.
GINTOKI: It's not like the devil is coming-
SHINPACHI: The devil...is here...
KETSUNO: This is Announcer Ketsuno reporting.
KETSUNO: all the roads into Kabukicho have been blocked by martial law.
KETSUNO: What exactly might the situation be in town?
KETSUNO: all residents of the town have already become infected.
KETSUNO: We're worried about the safety of all residents.
KETSUNO: What will happen to Edo?!
SUBORDINATEA: This is the truck that was involved in that accident in Kabukicho this morning.
SUBORDINATEA: The virus was detected in the packages.
SUBORDINATEA: And the driver and other crewmembers are missing.
SUBORDINATEA: A note seeming to claim responsibility was found in the truck.
SUBORDINATEA: It most likely was the work of an Anti-Foreigner Faction samurai.
MATSUDAIRA: Kochikame's 30th anniversary? Are you kidding me?!
MATSUDAIRA: It's the 31st anniversary.
MATSUDAIRA: Do you understand the time lag between a serialized manga in JUMP and the resulting anime?
MATSUDAIRA: Look to the future and the past.
SUBORDINATEA: But Matsudaira-sama... Um...
SUBORDINATEA: Please ensure that you're properly protected.
MATSUDAIRA: Idiot!! You think wearing that kind of equipment protects you from the virus?!
MATSUDAIRA: Don't underestimate the virus!
SUBORDINATEA: I'm sorry!
MATSUDAIRA: Listen up!
SUBORDINATEA: Don't underestimate the virus!
SHINPACHI: No... No way...
SHINPACHI: My sis...
SHINPACHI: My sister's eyebrows!
SHINPACHI: Sis! How could this happen before you get married?!
SHINPACHI: Come on! It's me! Me!
KATSURA: She's completely infected by the RYO-II virus.
KATSURA: And look at that cup-sake and cheese-kama.
KATSURA: [Note: Cup-sake is sake sold in a cup. Cheese-kama is a stick snack made of cheese and fish paste.]
KATSURA: She has already been set up as the "big old man" by the other old men.
KATSURA: Not good... She's issuing instructions!
KATSURA: Those guys! Do they have that kind of intelligence?!
KATSURA: Sign? Is that a sign? Have a drink? How does that sound?
SHINPACHI: What kind of instructions are those?!
SHINPACHI: Even her instructions sound like they're coming from an old man! Sis!
MZ: LaSalle!
KATSURA: Not good...they're coming!
ALL: Whoa!
HASEGAWA: This place is no longer safe!
HASEGAWA: This strong door should hold out for a while.
HASEGAWA: The strongest! The strongest Mayuzom has been established!
SHINPACHI: We're saved.
SACHAN: Is everyone all right? Is everyone here?
SHINPACHI: Can you count again?
GINTOKI: What? It's all right.
GINTOKI: Me...
SHINPACHI: Hold on!
SHINPACHI: Ha-Hasegawa-san...
GINTOKI: That's right. Hasegawa-san has a pair of sunglasses.
SHINPACHI: That's not what I meant.
SHINPACHI: I said that only Hasegawa-san's sunglasses are left!
KAGURA: That's right. Madao only have sunglasses.
SHINPACHI: We must have left him on the first floor!
SHINPACHI: That's not good! We should hurry and go down and save him!
KAGURA: I don't want eyebrows like that.
GINTOKI: Between this thing and the goateed guy left on the first floor... Really...
GINTOKI: Which is the real Hasegawa-san?
SHINPACHI: You're the one who needs to face reality!
KAGURA: The thing on the first floor is just a sunglasses stand.
SHINPACHI: What's a sunglasses stand?!
KAGURA: It's a rod used for holding sunglasses.
SHINPACHI: That thing? You can use a hook!
KAGURA: It's the hook with a goatee.
SACHAN: Is the human heart in the chest? Or in the brain?
SACHAN: I don't think either is right... It's definitely in the sunglasses-
SHINPACHI: Don't you guys have any heart?!
SHINPACHI: We were saved by Hasegawa-san!
SHINPACHI: That's it! I'm not going to ask someone who has no heart like you anymore!
SHINPACHI: Let me off on the first floor.
SHINPACHI: Huh? The third floor? Hey! I said let me off on the first floor.
SACHAN: I don't know. I just pushed the button for the roof.
SHINPACHI: Then why did it stop?
ALL: Eh...
GINTOKI: Don't let it open! Close it! They'll get in.
GINTOKI: You bastard! What are you doing here?!
GINTOKI: Don't frighten us like that! I'll kill you!
KATSURA: Elizabeth!
KATSURA: Huh?
KATSURA: Hasegawa-san!
KATSURA: Don't tell me you saved Hasegawa-san...
GINTOKI: What's with this guy? Why is he so blank-faced all the time?!
SHINPACHI: But how were you able to get through that Mayuzom mob?
SHINPACHI: Ah! I got it! Eyebrows!
KATSURA: It's so encouraging! It's like we have an invincible fleet!
KATSURA: You've got a big mouth.
KATSURA: Huh? You made a mistake writing the "n."
KATSURA: What a troublesome guy. I'll teach you how to read and write again sometime soon.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Don't say anything. Don't let his death be in vain.
GINTOKI: We'll do whatever we need to survive.
SHINPACHI: Elizabeth bringing him here means...
SHINPACHI: Just as I thought! Hasegawa-san was infected!
SACHAN: Everyone!
SACHAN: Shave off his unibrow. That's the only way to beat Mayuzom!
KAGURA: What are you doing?!
KAGURA: You're holding back because you know him. That's why your aim was off!
KAGURA: You should go all out!
GINTOKI: You're going too far! You took off too much. Where are you aiming?!
SHINPACHI: Hasegawa-san! What should we do about that?!
SACHAN: What are you guys doing?!
SHINPACHI: Wh-Why?! Why me?! What the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: I don't know; it depends on our anime staff.
GINTOKI: Defend it at all costs!
SHINPACHI: That's...!
SACHAN: Lord Matsudaira?! It's Lord Matsudaira!
MATSUDAIRA: There's nothing to worry about. I brought enough food.
MATSUDAIRA: This should last you a week.
MATSUDAIRA: It's the only vaccine that can counter the RYO-II virus.
MATSUDAIRA: B-super5963!!
MATSUDAIRA: Everything will be resolved when I use this Bakamon cannon
MATSUDAIRA: to spread the vaccine into the sky above Kabukicho!
MATSUDAIRA: Those useless old men will all be purged.
MATSUDAIRA: Huh?
SUBORDINATEA: Matsudaira-sama...
SUBORDINATEA: That's why I told you to put your mask on!
 SHIN: (M)As my consciousness fades away amongst the heavy odor of old men...
 SHIN: (M)I see it.
SACHAN: It's really disgusting... They'll become like that old man!
 SHIN: (M)...meets all the requirements.
 SHIN: (M)Probably the only one left standing in Kabukicho...
GINTOKI: BAKAMON!!
 SHIN: (M)Because...
 SHIN: (M)He was already a useless old man.
 SHIN: (M)Banzai to a useless old man.
 SHIN: (M)A useless old man who is sometimes useful.
HASEGAWA: It's sad... It's so sad that tears are streaming from my eyes.
RYO-SAN: Thank you.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: We somehow managed to avoid getting cancelled after half a year.
KAGURA: Don't worry. Have the baby and the shotgun wedding will come.
SHINPACHI: What're you talking about?!
SHINPACHI: we received angry complaints from all over that nearly put an end to the show!
GINTOKI: Was that how it was?
GINTOKI: We learned that from our pressure-free education.
KAGURA: Right. You can't get hemorrhoids if you never enter the anus.
SHINPACHI: You've got that all wrong! It's "If you never enter the tiger's den"!
SHINPACHI: What do you mean by "can't get hemorrhoids"?!  Who even wants that?!
GINTOKI: Gin-san's going to work really hard!
KAGURA: What?! Was it embezzled?!
KAGURA: [Note: Many Greenpia health resorts were built in Japan as part of a huge government embezzlement scam.]
SHINPACHI: We wouldn't build such a thing!
SHINPACHI: The staff worked really hard and seems to have gone over budget.
GINTOKI: Nothing we can do about that. We barely have enough production funds as it is.
GINTOKI: [Note: GUNDAM covered by "beep" sound. Sunrise Inc. is GinTama's production studio.]
SHINPACHI: What're you saying in the midst of this mess? Who're you speaking for?
GINTOKI: we can patch together a recap episode and avoid the whole issue.
SHINPACHI: What's with this dj vu idea?
SHINPACHI: What's going to happen on today's GinTama?
GINTOKI: What was that?
GINTOKI: That's not what I meant.
KAGURA: That wasn't the GinTama opening number.
GINTOKI: so we'll be scolded if we change it on our own! Mu-san will be fired!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Song title translated is "Silver-Colored Sky."]
OPENING THEMESHINPACHI: Hey! There was something weird mixed in there! What's going on?!
KAGURA: Why're you in there as if you're a part of the Odd Jobs family?
GINTOKI: That's an insult to redballoon.
EVERYONE: What're you talking about?! Get lost!!
SHINPACHI: Celebrating us safely making it to the halfway point of year two!
KAGURA: Lots of things happened during that time.
EVERYONE: [Odd Jobs Gin]
EVERYONE: The GinTama Special begins now!
KAGURA: It brings back memories.
KAGURA: A lot of the original concept was forgotten.
SHINPACHI: Stop chiming in like that. The scene's going to end...
GINTOKI: He's a clumsy guy.
GINTOKI: Wasn't this where you knocked down my parfait because of your clumsiness?
KAGURA: That's right. That's why you're called Shinpachi.
SHINPACHI: It's a fine name!
SHINPACHI: Why're you embarrassing me in public!
GINTOKI: What a waste...that parfait was.
GINTOKI: There I am! I look great!
SHINPACHI: Don't say that about yourself!
SHINPACHI: I never imagined you were such a hopeless guy.
AMANTO: Who the hell are you?!
AMANTO: Strapping on a wooden sword in the age of the Sword Ban!
GINTOKI: Look at what happened to my chocolate parfait because of your fussing.
GINTOKI: All of it spilled out!
KAGURA: You seemed so charmingly nave. The way you said your lines and such.
GINTOKI: You sound like my senpai pointing out all my faults.
SHINPACHI: What do you mean by "in the past"?
GINTOKI: Don't let it bother you so much!
GINTOKI: Didn't some Newtype say the same thing?
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of GUNDAM series.]
GINTOKI: Tell your manager that it tasted great.
GINTOKI: Look out!
KAGURA: Oh! There I am!
GINTOKI: I went looking for a time machine.
SHINPACHI: You were desperately looking for a time machine.
SHINPACHI: This adult should be ashamed of himself.
YAKUZA 1: Wh-What's this?
YAKUZA 2: What happened?!
KAGURA: I like to fight.
KAGURA: That is a Yato's true nature.
KAGURA: What're you saying? A woman always wants to remain youthful.
GINTOKI: You're not youthful-you're just a kid.
SHINPACHI: Should we just drag on and on with commentary like this today?
GINTOKI: What? Didn't you say we should reminisce?
SHINPACHI: Don't call it easy.
GINTOKI: Can't be helped. Then let's do a quick overview of the first year to a song.
 SHIN: (M)We'll take the second half a lot more seriously!
 KAGU: (M)We have an important announcement after the commercial!
 GINT: (M)Stay tuned. Don't change that channel!
SHINPACHI: But there isn't anything.
SHINPACHI: Stop leading them on by saying there's an important announcement.
Like: Like: "I sweat a lot."
GINTOKI/KATSURA: [Preview]
SHINPACHI: What if someone actually believed that?!
GINTOKI: Sometimes there's truth in lies!
GINTOKI: Maybe this will kick off an actual movie!
KAGURA: One of those "re-edited movies" that Sunrise is known for.
SHINPACHI: What good would fooling them do?!
SHINPACHI: where Kagura-chan meets Shinsuke Takasugi.
KAGURA: This is bad. This guy smells dangerous.
EVERYONE: But...
EVERYONE: Why're you dubbing his voice?!
SHINPACHI: Takasugi fans around the country are going to kill you!
KAGURA: But didn't you think it was awfully funny?
SHINPACHI: What?! Are you serious?!
SHINPACHI: They're going to kill you. They're definitely going to kill you.
KATSURA: Amanto?!
KATSURA: Takasugi!
SHINPACHI: That's enough!
KAGURA: But it was fun...
GINTOKI: That stuff's like juice.
GINTOKI: Commit seppuku.
GINTOKI: I'm also a Newtype!
KAGURA: Wow! Let me try!
KAGURA: Sakata-san.
SHINPACHI: And that's it. Did you enjoy today's GinTama?
KAGURA: I'm really beat.
SHINPACHI: there's a preview of the Yagyu Arc that begins in the next episode.
KAGURA: Bye!
KAGURA: [Note: Spoof of DR. SLUMP. Ending phrase by Arale.]
GINTOKI: I don't even know what'll happen two days from now.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Armored Trooper VOTOMS ending phrase.]
KYUBEI: [Kyubei Yagyu.]
KONDO: Oh my god...
KYUBEI: I missed you...
OTAE: Everyone... Farewell...
 VOICE (: (TOJO)We are the guardians of the Yagyu family.
CAPTIONS: [Itsuki Kitaoji]
KITAOJI: Itsuki Kitaoji.
MINAMIDO: Sui Minamido.
NISHINO: Tsukamu Nishino.
 Name:  Text
CHILD A: I have to be "It"?
CHILD A: One. Two.
CHILD A: {\a6}Three. Four. Five.
YOUNG OTAE: Stop that. Boys shouldn't cry so much. And you call yourself a samurai?
KYUBEI: Samurai...samurai... Do samurai have to be that strong?
KYUBEI: I always get teased-they call me "Shrimp! Shrimp!"
KYUBEI: A shrimp weakling like me could never become a samurai.
YOUNG OTAE: You'll get bigger when you grow up.
KYUBEI: No I won't. Both father and grandfather are small; my entire clan is small.
KYUBEI: Tae-chan...
YOUNG OTAE: Father tells me to be like the balls between the legs.
KYUBEI: Don't you mean "like Cinderella"? You're mixing things up.
KYUBEI: Otae-chan...would you be...my...
KYUBEI: the balls between my legs...
WOMAN A: [Snack House Smile]
WOMAN A: Welcome!
WOMAN A: Hijikata-han. It's Hijikata-han!
WOMAN B: Hijikata-han came today instead of that gorilla!
OTAE: What foul wind blows you here?
OTAE: There are so many daring men among the Shinsengumi.
OTAE: Using taxpayers' money to play at hostess bars?
HIJIKATA: Huh?
OTAE: That you and I have this relationship?
HIJIKATA: This relationship? Which relationship do you mean?
OTAE: Oh dear... It's so hard being so popular.
OTAE: A superior and his subordinate fighting for the same woman-it's like an afternoon soap opera.
OTAE: But I'm not such a cheap woman.
OTAE: I'll refuse any love that's less than those on the 9 p.m. Monday night dramas...
OTAE: [Note: Most 9pm Monday TV series are dramatic love stories.]
HIJIKATA: You misunderstand. I just came here to...
OTAE: But you're much more the NTV-type face.
OTAE: You're more the Saturday 9 p.m. mayo detective or sleazy type...
HIJIKATA: Who're you calling a mayo detective?
HIJIKATA: He's a Monday at 9 sort of face.
HIJIKATA: Doesn't he look like a "How many times proposed" type?
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of 101th Propose. A 90's TV series about a guy who keeps proposing to a girl and proving his love by jumping in front of a truck.]
OTAE: Kondo-san has the sort of face that appears on the Tuesday Suspense shows.
OTAE: [Note: Tuesday Suspense theater is a 2 hour one-shot crime drama series shown on Tuesday nights.]
OTAE: You don't mean to say you came here for Kondo-san's sake...
YAMAZAKE ET AL: Otae-san!
YAMAZAKI: Please marry the Chief...
MEMBERS: and become our mistress!
OTAE: What's going on here? Is this some sort of humble threat?
HIJIKATA: The truth is...
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san received a marriage proposal.
HIJIKATA: He's nearly thirty.
HIJIKATA: It's an offer that came from the higher-ups out of consideration for his public image.
HIJIKATA: so he's at the point where he'll go for any female.
KONDO: Oh!
HIJIKATA: He'll probably accept this offer.
HIJIKATA: Uh...
HIJIKATA: The prospect is Bubbles-sama of the Planet Shojo. So he's marrying up.
OTAE: but these two look like they've been married a long time. Two gorillas.
YAMAZAKI: There's a slight difference from Kondo-san! That one's the real thing.
YAMAZAKI: You're the only one who can stop the Chief!
OTAE: It'll be fine. They say a hairy woman is very compassionate.
OTAE: I'm sure she'll be a good wife.
YAMAZAKI: We won't insist that you marry him! Just stop him.
YAMAZAKI: This many men bowing their heads to beg you for help is a true display of our sincerity!
YAMAZAKI: We know you'll understand because you're a woman who understands duty and integrity-
OTAE: Oh? Where's the sincerity?
OTAE: This head is filled with a brain full of holes!
OTAE: You guys are too persistent!
OTAE: and want to stalk me even more!
HIJIKATA: You have no choice but to resign yourself...
MEMBERS: What the?!
MEMBERS: Who're you?!
KYUBEI: Ganging up on a woman? You call yourselves samurai?
YAMAZAKI: What're you talking about?!
KYUBEI: You mustn't lay a hand on her. She is precious to me.
HIJIKATA: Don't make any more trouble for the club. Let's leave.
HIJIKATA: You think it's okay to be in a place like this?
KYUBEI: I am...
KYUBEI: I'm no kid.
KYUBEI: I'm Kyubei Yagyu...
OTAE: Kyu...Kyu-chan.
GinTama: Huh? Your sister stayed out all night?
SHINPACHI: That's right. All night... Though because of her job she always comes home late.
SHINPACHI: and didn't even look at me before changing clothes and heading out again.
SHINPACHI: Stop it!
SHINPACHI: My sister wouldn't do anything like that until she's married.
SHINPACHI: I'll beat the guy up.
SHINPACHI: She has no such person! I won't allow it!
GinTama: She's finally ready to tear off the heavy chains you wrapped around her
GinTama: and take wing to the sweet world of adulthood.
KAGURA: Oops.
GinTama: the younger brother has no choice but to keep quiet and become a red-rice-with-beans-making machine.
GinTama: You can cry as you work as a red-rice-with-beans-making machine.
KAGURA: Bean buns again. Three straight days and three meals a day.
SHINPACHI: Dammit. Who...who the hell is he... Could it be...
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san?! Don't tell me it's that gorilla?!
KONDO: Huh?
KONDO: Huh? I thought I heard someone call my name.
MATSUDAIRA: I don't blame you. It's your first arranged introduction.
MATSUDAIRA: I sure was nervous.
MATSUDAIRA: She's so stiff that it makes her look like a gorilla.
KONDO: What do you mean she looks like a gorilla because she's stiff?
KONDO: No one grows fur all over their body because they're stiff!
MATSUDAIRA: Planet Shojo and Earth have repeatedly had diplomatic clashes.
MATSUDAIRA: You were chosen to help resolve this situation.
MATSUDAIRA: The fate of the Earth rests on your shoulders.
MATSUDAIRA: We reserved this fancy Japanese-style restaurant just for this purpose.
MATSUDAIRA: Make sure you woo the Princess.
MATSUDAIRA: That's why I'm telling you not to think about the photo.
MATSUDAIRA: You should imagine her as being three times as beautiful as you expect.
MATSUDAIRA: Trust this old man.
 KOND: (M)She's three times as big a gorilla as I imagined!
OTAE: Nothing. I just thought I saw a gorilla.
KYUBEI: There you go again...talking nonsense.
KONDO: Uh...
BUBBLES: Uho.
 KOND: (M)This isn't good. I have no idea what she's saying.
 KOND: (M)Does she understand my words?
 KOND: (M)What'll I do? What can I do to excuse myself without offending her?
KONDO: Uho.
KONDO: Hey! What? Why is she coming with me? I don't believe it! Oh no!
OTAE: It really has been ages.
OTAE: but I had no idea you had come this way... You should've told me.
KYUBEI: That's because I came straight to see you first.
KYUBEI: I missed you...
OTAE: Just a minute...
KYUBEI: Do you remember the promise we made back then?
KYUBEI: I've kept my promise and have become strong.
KONDO: Pri...
KONDO: Princess... How did a roof tile...?
GinTama: Sorry. It slipped.
SHINPACHI: We got quite a bit.
SHINPACHI: Maybe I'll bring home some Baagen-Dash for Sis.
SHINPACHI: I'm sure I was just worried about nothing.
SHINPACHI: Sis would never return home the next morning with some total stranger.
OTAE: Stop that... Just a minute...
OTAE: Stop it!
OTAE: Wh-What are you...
KONDO: Princess Bubbles! Are you all right? Princess Bubbles!
 KOND: (M)This is bad! She's totally angry.
 KOND: (M)My butt let one go! It's completely...
GINTOKI: There are things you shouldn't even joke about.
GINTOKI: That's his younger brother or something.
 KOND: (M)I can't tell them.
 KOND: (M)I can't say I'm having a marriage meeting with a gorilla if my ass tears apart.
KONDO: Oh...
GINTOKI: Pet? Seriously? You're keeping one this big?
 KOND: (M)That you don't understand me is the one saving grace.
KAGURA: The beans from a bean bun.
KONDO: Beans from a bean bun?! What a terrible thing to feed the Princess!
KONDO: Anyway...my Princess-chan is not hungry right now.
KONDO: You see? She spit it out. Please stop doing that...
GINTOKI: Don't waste food!
KONDO: Just a minute!
KONDO: Really! Please stop that!
GINTOKI: That's not right.
GINTOKI: Huh? What's that...?
KAGURA: It's a turd.
GINTOKI: Didn't that just roll out of your hakama?
KAGURA: It bounced off your foot.
KONDO: Princess!
KONDO: I told you not to go potty all over the place!
KONDO: What am I going to do with you? You go potty everywhere.
KONDO: What am I going to do with you? You've riled me into a frenzy.
KONDO: How old do you think I am? I'm almost thirty.
KONDO: I wouldn't do anything like that.
GINTOKI: [Note: Miso is fermented soy bean paste that often looks like poop.]
KONDO: You're mistaken.
GINTOKI: You're already lost. Lost on the path of life.
OTAE: Sh-Shin-chan.
SHINPACHI: What are the two of you doing together? You two!
SHINPACHI: You bastard! What're you doing with my unwedded sister?!
OTAE: Shin-chan!
KYUBEI: So you're Shinpachi-kun?
KYUBEI: Looks like you still can't let go of your sister. Isn't it about time you...
KYUBEI: grew up?
OTAE: Shin-chan.
KYUBEI: It's time for you to leave.
SHINPACHI: Are you...
SHINPACHI: Kyubei-san. Kyubei Yagyu-san?
SHINPACHI: What's the idea of showing up out of the blue and telling me that?!
SHINPACHI: What do you mean by leave home?
KYUBEI: Just that.
KYUBEI: Tae-chan and I made a promise to become husband and wife.
SHINPACHI: Huh?!
KYUBEI: Your sister became mine and no longer yours a long time ago.
KYUBEI: What I do with her is not for you to complain about.
SHINPACHI: What're you talking about?!
SHINPACHI: A promise when you were young?! What good is a child's promise...?
SHINPACHI: Sis...
SHINPACHI: Sis! Why aren't you saying anything?!
 SHIN: (M)Sis...Why...
SHINPACHI: Sis!
KONDO: No! She's actually a princess.
KONDO: Huh? Otae-san?
GINTOKI: Huh? What's going on? Did we drop in at a bad time?
KAGURA: Big Sis! What are you doing here?
OTAE: Everyone...
OTAE: farewell...
GINTOKI: Hey.
GINTOKI: Princess is coming!
KONDO: Wait. Everyone apologize.
GINTOKI: How?
KONDO: Say "Uho."
SHINPACHI: Sis!
HIJIKATA: Oh man...
HIJIKATA: It was brand new.
HIJIKATA: I didn't lose. It's just that my sword cracked.
OKITA: The boss of the Odd jobs broke it in two-you lost that one.
HIJIKATA: I didn't lose.
OKITA: You didn't give up in your heart even after seeing
OKITA: ten of your men beaten before your eyes.
OKITA: I gotta love that thick skin of yours.
OKITA: he'd have killed every one of them.
OKITA: I think he's a Yagyu...
OKITA: The Yagyu are a prominent family that once served as martial art instructors to the Shogun's family.
OKITA: they say there are still many who knock on their doors to learn the art.
OKTA: The successor to their clan is Kyubei Yagyu.
OKTA: They say he's a prodigy the likes of which the Yagyu clan has never seen before.
OKITA: but it seems that our country swordsmanship is no match for his city swordsmanship.
OKITA: there's no room for Kondo-san.
HJIKATA: That man can do it if he tries.
OKITA: that gorilla will become our mistress?
GINTOKI: Taking days off without permission...
GINTOKI: Maybe I should fire him.
KAGURA: I heard she never came back after that.
KAGURA: A letter came from her saying she was training and couldn't come home.
GINTOKI: Training to be a wife.
GINTOKI: There're a lot of things to study before getting married.
GINTOKI: She's marrying into a wonderful family.
GINTOKI: The Yagyu are even going to help out Shinpachi's family's dojo.
GINTOKI: What more could they ask for?
KAGURA: Gin-chan... Mommy once told me:
KAGURA: You can only smile at the start of a marriage.
KAGURA: Sometimes you become a nasty hag.
KAGURA: Do you think Big Sis can die smiling?
GINTOKI: Break time.
KAGURA: Big Sis is hiding something. She's forcing herself.
KAGURA: There's no doubt in my mind. It's a woman's intuition.
GINTOKI: Don't be silly. You don't need intuition-it's totally obvious.
KAGURA: I'll turn everything to black.
GINTOKI: That woman made her own choice.
GINTOKI: Which means she'll probably smile.
GINTOKI: ...Tsk.
GINTOKI: I saw something I shouldn't have.
GATEKEEPER A: Who are you people?
GATEKEEPER B: Or are you here to challenge our dojo?
SHINPACHI: Not at all.
KONDO: We didn't come to do anything so dangerous as to challenge your dojo.
STUDENT A: In-Intruders!
STUDENT B: Why are you doing this when you know we are the Yagyu clan?!
SHINPACHI: I am Shinpachi Shimura of the Tendo Mushin Style and head of the Kodokan Dojo.
KONDO: We've come to ask for a showdown with the nationally known Yagyu Style!
SHINPACHI: We have no interest in taking the Yagyu school name board. But...
SHINPACHI: We want you to return my sister!
KONDO: Give back Otae-san!
STUDENT A: Rebels!
STUDENT C: Get them! There's only two of them! Surround them!
STUDENT D: Wh-Who are you people?!
GINTOKI: What was your style again?\NThe Naturally Wavy Hair Style?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Kagura-chan!
KONDO: You guys!
 Name:  Text
OTAE: Everyone... Farewell...
GINTOKI: Hey.
KOSHINORI: I sent you on your journey
KOSHINORI: to train in the martial arts so that you could perfect our Yagyu Chingage style of swordsmanship.
KOSHINORI: Now you return all of a sudden with that girl and tell me you want to marry her?
KOSHINORI: Silence! I don't want you calling me "Father"!
KOSHINORI: is made of trueborn celebrities who have served the Shogun's family for generations.
KOSHINORI: Our duty is to continue the Yagyu style of swordsmanship and keep our celebrity blood intact.
KOSHINORI: Otae-chan is certainly cute.
KOSHINORI: That's not balance.
KOSHINORI: Is it your intention to end our celebrity bloodline right here?
KYUBEI: People grow strong in order to protect something.
STUDENTS: Koshinori-sama!
KOSHINORI: What is it?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Why didn't you at least say something before doing something like this?!
KAGURA: Planning to do something this much fun all by yourself!
KONDO: Don't you guys understand that Shinpachi-kun didn't want to get you involved?!
KONDO: Because of my ego!
KONDO: there's no way she'd say good-bye with that face!
KONDO: Maybe this isn't what Otae-san wants!
KONDO: There's no duty or anything here.
KONDO: I can't have people who have nothing to do with this getting involved!
KONDO: You're all about yourself!
KONDO: I took paid leave.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
SHINPACHI: I love my sister. I don't want her to leave.
SHINPACHI: even if he's a shady bastard who never has money...
SHINPACHI: or if he's a gorilla stalker...
SHINPACHI: or a mayo maniac or a hardcore sadist...
SHINPACHI: to send Sis off with tears in her eyes...
SHINPACHI: I want Sis to always be smiling.
KAGURA: Gin-chan? What'll happen if Big Sis really does love that shrimp?
KAGURA: We'd be total jerks.
GINTOKI: We're used to being jerks...and getting in people's way.
GINTOKI: We're doing it for you.
HIJIKATA: Let me make it clear. I'm not on your side.
HIJIKATA: It's just that we share the same enemy.
OKITA: Isn't he stereotypical? He thinks he's Vegeta.
OKITA: [Note: Refers to Vegeta from Dragonball.]
OKITA: He's planning on casually joining in.
KONDO: we just might be able to beat the Yagyu.
SHINPACHI: Who're you calling "brother"?
KITAOJI: Did you hear?
KITAOJI: That girl the Young Lord brought back
KITAOJI: is getting run through the mill by Granny as part of her bride training.
MINAMITO: A pity. It's only a matter of time before she runs away.
MINAMITO: aren't you using too much ketchup?
KITAOJI: Don't you know?
KITAOJI: Ketchup was created to go well with everything.
MINAMITO: You're making me sick. Stop it.
KITAOJI: Looking at your dick-face makes me sicker.
MINAMITO: What?!
MINAMITO: I don't have to take that from a guy who eats a kiddie meal lunch at his age!
MINAMITO: What part?! What part looks like a dick?!
TOJO: Stop it.
TOJO: It's just food. You're disgraceful...
TOJO: Seems three years on a martial arts training journey didn't change the Young Lord.
TOJO: Dammit!
MINAMITO: Tojo-san?
TOJO: Damn Granny!
TOJO: Shut up! Dick bod!
MINAMITO: Now it's my entire body?! Looks like this is getting worse!
OKITA: Ouch! What was that for?!
TOJO: But your remarkable ride ends here.
KITAOJI: Itsuki Kitaoji.
MINAMITO: Sui Minamito.
NISHINO: Tsukamu Nishino.
TOJO: And Ayumu Tojo.
GINTOKI: We don't have business with you.
GINTOKI: Bring out your leader. Who are you guys?
MINAMIDO MINAMITO: We can't let small fry like you meet the Young Lord.
MINAMIDO MINAMITO: Throw down your swords! Or our hostage...
MINAMIDO MINAMITO: What's the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: You said throw them down.
MINAMIDO: What kind of way is that to throw them down?!
MINAMIDO: Can't you see we have a hostage?!
KAGURA: Kill him! Kill him!
OKITA: You'll regret this later.
KYUBEI: Stop it!
KYUBEI: They are relatives of my wife. No rough stuff.
TOJO ET AL: Young Lord!
KYUBEI: You come in droves... Shinpachi-kun.
KYUBEI: I didn't think your attachment to your sister was this strong.
SHINPACHI: I didn't come today as her brother. I came as the head of Kodokan.
SHINPACHI: Tae Shimura is a valuable member of our dojo.
KYUBEI: Decorum? What're you talking about?
KONDO: Samurai settle matters faster with the sword than with words.
OKITA: A samurai lives by the sword and dies by the sword. That being the case...
HIJIKATA: Take the woman with your sword.
KYUBEI: A match?
GINTOKI: and don't socialize outside of the dojo.
GINTOKI: and we don't want to. We'd rather see each other die.
GINTOKI: But I do know that we're all very strong.
OTAE: Omelet.
OTAE: Omelets have always been one of my best dishes.
OTAE: My repertoire has grown by this much...
OTAKI: Is our kitchen ground zero?
OTAKI: That's not what I meant!\NThese are completely burnt!
OTAKI: Everything's black! A soul society?! Is this a soul society?!
OTAKI: it'll be a hundred years before you can marry into the Yagyu clan!
OTAE: in charge of training the new wife to strike her student?
 OTAK: (M)Young lady! You're not fazed even a bit by my hazing! You are a frightening one!
 OTAK: (M)she will most certainly be a threat to me!
OTAKI: Forget it. I'm appalled by you!
OTAKI: Clean up that mess.
OTAKI: You mustn't throw it away. Make sure you eat it all.
OTAKI: [Note: Binbokusai literally means "dirt poor."]
OTAKI: Binbokusai-sama! What're you eating?!
BINBOKUSAI: It's such a waste! It's still edible.
OTAKI: The head of the Yagyu should not be doing such things!
KYUBEI: You people barged in here. You'll have to follow Yagyu rules.
KONDO: You want to play Othello?
KAGURA: We'll take all four corners.
KYUBEI: We have plates here.
KYUBEI: Each of us will wear these plates somewhere on our bodies and try to break each other's plates.
KYUBEI: It'll be six versus six.
KYUBEI: The battlefield will be the entirety of the Yagyu premises.
KYUBEI: Those whose plates are broken must drop out of the game.
KYUBEI: The side that breaks the captain's plate wins.
KYUBEI: Those are the only rules.
KYUBEI: We will beat that street-style swordsmanship of yours to a pulp
KYUBEI: and put an end to any second thoughts.
KYUBEI: Our captain is somewhere in this mansion.
GINTOKI & GROUP: What the hell is this?!
KONDO: I'm really angry! I'm not letting those guys have Otae-san!
KONDO: That pisses me off! Let's play with our captain out in the open!
KONDO: So they can get him at any time!
SHINPACHI: That's not okay! He'd be KO'ed with one blow!
HIJIKATA: Naturally.
KONDO: You don't have to worry!
KONDO: we have a lot to talk about.
SHINPACHI: Excuse me! Choose someone else!
HIJIKATA: You trying to get my eye gouged out?!
GINTOKI: Just place them wherever.
GINTOKI: I'll place mine here.
HIJIKATA: Why on me?!
HIJIKATA: It's your plate!
GINTOKI: Couldn't you figure that out?
HIJIKATA: Shut up you sadist duo!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
KAGURA: I have a great idea! I'll put it under my foot!
KAGURA: They can't see it when I walk! Isn't that awesome? They'll never figure it out!
GINTOKI: You can't fool us! What have you done?!
GINTOKI: You crushed the plate before the match even began!
KONDO: What'll we do about this? What'll we do?!
GINTOKI: Go get a replacement!
GINTOKI: Go to someone at the Yagyu household and get a replacement!
HIJIKATA: Wait. We don't know what the enemy is planning.
HIJIKATA: It's dangerous to move about alone. We'll form pairs.
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san.
SHINPACHI: The hardcore sadist duo went off by themselves.
HIJIKATA: Excuse me...
HIJIKATA: Mind if we borrow a plate for a while?
MAID: Are you throwing a party?
HIJIKATA: You might say so.
MAID: Here...
HIJIKATA: Here. Use this.
KAGURA: No. It's got soy sauce on it.
KAGURA: I don't want to. It has mayo on it.
HIJIKATA: Cut it out! This all started because of you...
KAGURA: I like that plate!
HIJIKATA: How do you plan on fighting while carrying that huge plate?
KAGURA: It has to be that plate.
HIJIKATA: You...
HIJIKATA: The signal to start...
HIJIKATA: Hey! There's no time to be dawdling...
KAGURA: Guess I have no choice but to settle for the mayo plate.
HIJIKATA: Just a minute...
HIJIKATA: Wait! My plate...
BINBOKUSAI: Deeper...deeper...all the way...
BINBOKUSAI: To think that the little girl who played with Kyubei is coming here as his bride...
BINBOKUSAI: A little deeper...as far as you can go...
BINBOKUSAI: so it's difficult to know what you're thinking.
BINBOKUSAI: It's as if you're hiding something...
OTAE: I'm not hiding anything! I didn't see anything!
BINBOKUSAI: Is...that so?
BINBOKUSAI: I just can't help but think you're still bothered by that time...
BINBOKUSAI: Seems we have some rowdy visitors.
BINBOKUSAI: I have to go.
NISHINO: Tsk... I missed the plate.
NISHINO: However...
 KITA: (M)You cannot escape...
 KITA: (M)our combo...!
OKITA: Hey.
OKITA: I'm going to get that girl.
NISHINO: Minamito!
KAGURA: Owie...
OKITA: Hijikata-san...what is that? That huge target?
HIJIKATA: A handicap.
MINAMITO: Hey Kitaoji. How's my face look?
KITAOJI: Like a dick.
MINAMITO: I was talking about my injuries.
KITAOJI: It's covered with blood. Better hurry to your urologist.
MINAMITO: Get off of that!
MINAMITO: Oh...
NISHINO: Geez... You're such a kid.
MINAMITO: It's a souvenir. It's not that often we get injured.
MINAMITO: Doesn't it look cool? Having blood on my face.
KITAOJI: This is turning into a very interesting fight.
MINAMITO: Why are you guys shooting in main frame?
KAGURA: It didn't work at all. Didn't even break the plate.
OKITA: Feeling homesick?
OKITA: He'll be fine by himself.
KAGURA: You left Gin-chan alone?!
KAGURA: I'm going to find Gin-chan!
HIJIKATA: Hey! You're the lonely one! Don't move around by yourself!
NISHINO: You'll all be defeated anyway. Doesn't matter if you help him...
KAGURA: Get out of my way!
KAGURA: Those two idiots over there will be your opponents.
KAGURA: You kids can play swordfight together.
NISHINO: I like you! And that demon-like strength of yours!
HIJIKATA: Hey!
KITAOJI: Your opponent is over here...
KITAOJI: The Demon Vice-Chief of the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: Suits me just fine.
MINAMITO: That leaves you for me. I'm Sui Minamido.
MINAMITO: Let's say no attacks to the face.
OKITA: Don't worry about that.
OKITA: Shut up. I get it.
MINAMITO: You won't win that way. You have to break the plate.
MINAMITO: What?
OKITA: I didn't come here to break plates.
OKITA: I came to beat you people to a pulp.
 MINA: (M)This...can't be...
 MINA: (M)This guy is ridiculously strong!
 MINA: (M)And what's more...
OKITA: I have to beat you so I don't hit your face or the plate.
 MINA: (M)He's a hardcore sadist!
MINAMIDO: That kid is dangerous...
OKITA: What's the problem? He's no match for you.
KAGURA: Shut up! I'm not feeling well.
NISHINO: You lost the use of your arm when you were protecting the plate...
OKITA: Bending it back the opposite way should fix it.
NISHINO: Just a minute! I don't think you should do that...
OKITA: Huh? Did I bend it the wrong way?
KAGURA: Why you...
OKITA: You broke it! I heard it snap!
OKITA: Damn you! Most people don't kick hard enough to break bones!
KAGURA: Gin-chan says "an eye for an eye."
NISHINO: This match is done.
NISHINO: It's the ultimate stupidity to let the match get away because of infighting...
NISHINO: Hand over your plates.
KAGURA/OKITA: No way!
NISHINO: It's useless. Samurai who can't use their arm or their leg are useless.
NISHINO: Samurai should face their end with grace.
OKITA: Hmph.
OKITA: So we're samurai who can't use an arm and a leg...
KAGURA: Both of you can go to hell.
OKITA: I feel the same way.
KAGURA: But...
KAGURA: Gin-chan says to give back double what people do to you.
OKITA: Let's have our final match.
NISHINO: What's with that?
OKITA: I can't use my leg; she can't use her arm. But if we cooperate...
KAGURA: Hey! Don't put your crotch so close to me! It's sickening!
OKITA: I can't help it!
NISHINO: You think you can dodge my sword like that?!
OKITA: We're incredibly light on our feet. Shall we do a tap dance for you?
KAGURA: I can't tap.
NISHINO: I don't have time to play kiddy games!
NISHINO: Hey!
OKITA: Time out!
OKITA: Hmph.
NISHINO: This can't be! He planned this?!
OKITA: Now!
NISHINO: The strategist is beaten by his own strategy!
HIJIKATA: People who are picky about food are picky about people, too.
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: Kyubei Yagyu took Otae away.
NISHINO: That was too easy!
OKITA: Hmph.
OKITA: Now!
NISHINO: The strategist is beaten by his own strategy!
SHINPACHI: Okita-san...
KONDO: My god...
SHINPACHI: This is terrible. It's snapped in two.
SHINPACHI: They must've struck simultaneously...
KONDO: It can't be!
KONDO: There's no way Sogo would lose...
KONDO: You were the quickest study at our dojo.
KONDO: You surpassed everyone in no time at all.
KONDO: They won't get away with this! I swear!
KONDO: Was it necessary to go this far?!
KONDO: Those bastards must enjoy...tormenting people!
 SHIN: (M)Their cell phone...
KONDO: Dammit!
SHINPACHI: Dammit! Who did this to Okita-san?! I have no idea!
SHINPACHI: It's hot in here. Turn on the air conditioner! Those dummies!
SHINPACHI: Come on out! Where'd you go?! We're avenging Okita-san!
SHINPACHI: Forgive us. We didn't know you were having a meal.
KONDO: Wrong room.
SHINPACHI/KONDO: What the hell are you doing?!
KITAOJI: Can't fight on an empty stomach.
KONDO: I'm not eating a meal prepared by the enemy!
SHINPACHI: Let's have the three of us take him out!
HIJIKATA: Hey! Don't interfere.
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san!
HIJIKATA: I'm eating fried rice.
SHINPACHI: You're having fried rice?!
KITAOJI: Ordinary people wouldn't understand.
KITAOJI: The match has already begun.
KITAOJI: Everything they do in their daily life is training for their spirit.
SHINPACHI: Ketchup! That much ketchup on your rice omelet?!
KITAOJI: Let me say one thing.
KITAOJI: Now I've come to love the tomatoes that I once couldn't eat
KITAOJI: and even eat my tomatoes with ketchup.
 KOND: (M)That's not training. That's just plain unhealthy.
KITAOJI: Could you do what I did?
KITAOJI: Wh-What is that white stuff?!
HIJIKATA: Mayonnaise!
 KITA: (M)M-Mayonnaise...
HIJIKATA: Let me say one thing.
 SHIN: (M)He's lying!
 KOND: (M)He's lying through his teeth because he doesn't want to lose!
 KOND: (M)That mayo maniac!
KITAOJI: Hmph.
HIJIKATA: I need a smoke. Do you have an ashtray?
KITAOJI: Where's your thanks for the meal before you smoke?
HIJIKATA: Thanks for the god-awful meal.
KITAOJI: Here...
KITAOJI: Your ashtray!
KITAOJI: You have faster reflexes than I expected.
KITAOJI: You possess exceptional physical skills...reflexes...
KITAOJI: Fight-tested sword skills indeed.
KITAOJI: Most ordinary swordsmen would be no match for you.
KITAOJI: But that fighting style only works on third-rate swordsmen.
KITAOJI: It won't work in a duel between two masters.
HIJIKATA: You? A master?
KITAOJI: Killing each other is not all there is to swordsmanship.
HIJIKATA: You're...all talk!
KITAOJI: I know what you're going to do.
KITAOJI: You use a head-on attack that leaves you open for your enemy to attack.
HIJIKATA: I can read...your moves as well!
KITAOJI: Your instincts are too sharp.
KONDO: Toshi!
KITAOJI: You twisted your body to protect the plate from the blow.
KITAOJI: Your instincts are truly impressive.
KITAOJI: But that will be your demise.
KONDO: This is bad. That man figured out Toshi's habits in such a short time.
KONDO: taking a single blow from an opponent means certain death.
KONDO: That's why the ability to sense danger is an absolute requirement.
KONDO: The ability to sense your opponent's movements using a highly honed intuition...
KONDO: to stop the enemy's attack.
KONDO: Toshi is better at that than anyone.
KONDO: But this guy's dojo swordsmanship
KONDO: excels at surprise attacks to score points rather than killing blows.
KONDO: That guy will attack Toshi's openings.
KONDO: He'll feign an attack and back off.
KONDO: then strike.
KONDO: Toshi will unconsciously react... to that guy's countless feints.
KONDO: That guy will do it over and over again.
KONDO: He is unmistakably a master.
KONDO: His is a dojo sword style that can bend the minds of others to his will.
KITAOJI: Give it up already.
KITAOJI: You'll be stuck on the defensive with that huge plate.
KITAOJI: You still want to continue?
HIJIKATA: A fight with real swords means you have to keep fighting even if you lose an arm or a leg.
HIJIKATA: Just so long as your head is still attached.
 KITA: (M)Is that my plate?!
KITAOJI: When?!
 KITA: (M)Huh? I still have it.
 KITA: (M)That's...from earlier...
HIJIKATA: but I won't lose to you when it comes to deception.
HIJIKATA: you kept it to a reasonable amount.
HIJIKATA: You're unable to break away from your set forms.
HIJIKATA: That's the limitation of dojo swordsmanship.
KITAOJI: I put mayonnaise even on dessert.
HIJIKATA: Come. I'll show you what real fighting is.
KITAOJI: and make light of dojo practice.
KITAOJI: but claim their swordsmanship is more suited to actual battle.
KITAOJI: They claim they wouldn't lose if it had been with real swords.
KITAOJI: Those are all excuses.
KITAOJI: That drivel is what people who don't practice say.
KITAOJI: I've heard enough.
KITAOJI: you cannot win against someone who trains everyday.
KITAOJI: That's what I believe.
KITAOJI: Anyone who thinks my deformity is old-fashioned is really the old-fashioned ones.
KONDO: You're more rude than old-fashioned.
KITAOJI: we were doing everything we could to train ourselves.
KITAOJI: You people cannot win against us.
KITAOJI: Fool! Learn your lesson!
KITAOJI: Hmph.
 KITA: (M)No matter how many times you attack
 KITA: (M)Here's the bait. Bite.
KITAOJI: You're just a small fry!
KITAOJI: What?
HIJIKATA: I'm sick of your cheap bait.
HIJIKATA: No more fishing me out!
HIJIKATA: I won't...retreat anymore!
 KITA: (M)A high-speed attack to counter the feints.
KONDO: His plan is to mount a ferocious attack so his enemy has no time to counter-attack.
KONDO: Offense is the best defense. He's finally acting like himself.
KITAOJI: I see you're trying to finish this.
KITAOJI: But you can't launch a decisive attack in a place with such poor footing.
HIJIKATA: Don't give me that!
KITAOJI: I can read your moves like a book.
HIJIKATA: You may be able to read my sword...
HIJIKATA: But you can you read my feet underwater?!
KITAOJI: I have learned every possible set form.
KITAOJI: It's more reliable than the simple intuition and instinct you rely on.
KITAOJI: This is the difference between you and me.
KITAOJI: Neglecting to work hard because you were too full of your own natural ability will be your downfall!
KITAOJI: This is the strength of the dojo swordsmanship...that you mocked!
SHINPACHI: Oh no!
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san!
KONDO: Sorry. Please don't assist him.
SHINPACHI: What...?
KONDO: but he hates to lose more than anyone.
KONDO: Maybe so.
KONDO: He knows better than anyone that street style sword fighting won't defeat that guy.
KONDO: when I was still training in our dojo out in the country.
KONDO: There was a young thug who went around making a lot of trouble.
KONDO: He was a loner with excellent fighting skills.
KONDO: The guys at country dojos are all hot-blooded punks.
KONDO: They were losing face and decided to join together to beat the guy up.
KONDO: They had no Bushido honor of fighting one-on-one.
KONDO: Turns out the kid had balls.
KONDO: Damn was he strong.
KONDO: But there was no way he could win against such numbers.
KONDO: I debated what to do and then decided to bring him back to my dojo.
KONDO: He looked like he would've died If I left him there
KONDO: and he seemed like an interesting fellow.
YOUNG KONDO: 333! 334!
YOUNG KONDO: I can't do any more. That's my limit. My arms are gonna fall off.
KONDOS GRANDFATHER: Don't give up so easily!
KONDOS GRANDFATHER: I'll probably die soon. What'll you do then?
YOUNG KONDO: What's the point of swinging this heavy log?
YOUNG KONDO: My hands are covered with blood blisters!
KONDOS GRANDFATER: Look at Sogo.
KONDOS GRANDFATHER: You are amazing. I knew you had it in you. You are a prodigy.
KONDOS GRANDFATHER: Huh? Is this peeling?
KONDOS GRANDFATHER: This is nothing but tree bark.
YOUNG KONDO: Good grief. This is why nobody wants to train here.
YOUNG KONDO: Give it a try?
YOUNG KONDO: Maybe not. Not with those injuries.
YOUNG KONDO: But you can't win on talent alone.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: Not interested.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: Nobody becomes a great swordsman by playing with lumber.
KONDO: He watched us train like a hungry wolf watching a herd of bacon-wrapped sheep.
KONDO: I was worried and went looking for him.
PUNK A: We're on our way to raid the Kondo dojo!
PUNK B: We heard they were sheltering you!
PUNK B: Why'd they do that?!
YOUNG HIJIKATA: That's why I left. They're not involved anymore. Leave them alone.
KONDO: He had become stronger than before.
KONDO: he possessed a solid framework to his form that hadn't been there before.
KONDO: I couldn't just stand by and watch.
KONDO: Surrounded by our defeated enemies.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: Why're you here?
YOUNG KONO: You can't use our sword style to act like a ruffian.
YOUNG KONDO: You don't owe me anything.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: Like I said before-when did I ever join your school?
YOUNG KONDO: Those hands...
YOUNG KONDO: Are the proof.
YOUNG KONDO: How many times did you swing it? Even I didn't get that many blisters.
YOUNG KONDO: No wonder your injuries were slow to heal.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: These aren't blisters.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: My hand got caught in the automatic door of the Yotsukoshi Department Store.
YOUNG HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of Mitsukoshi Department Store.]
KONDO: That's who Toshiro Hijikata is.
KONDO: He never expresses his feelings to anyone.
KONDO: And he never shows it on his face.
KONDO: But I know...
KONDO: The only thing he cares about is sword fighting.
 KITA: (M)He's hiding his sword underwater so I can't read where it's coming from.
KITAOJI: Nice try!
KITAOJI: Do you think that'll work on me now?!
KONDO: No one trains harder than him.
KONDO: his sharply honed sword skills...
KONDO: can slice through steel!
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san!
HIJIKATA: Sorry for the wait.
HIJIKATA: Huh? These aren't from that guy.
HIJIKATA: I got caught in the automatic door of the Marui Department Store.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of OIOI Department Store.]
TOJO: So Nishino and Kitaoji are both out?
TOJO: I wasn't expecting the enemy to do this well.
MINAMITO: One of the Four Aces: Sui Minamito.
TOJO: Now there are three.
TOJO: Having someone like you around would only disgrace the name of the dojo.
TOJO: who tarnishes our Young Lord's name.
KONDO: The next episode ... "Four Heads are Better than One."
 Name:  Text
TOJO: Having someone like you around would only disgrace the name of the dojo.
TOJO: who tarnishes our Young Lord's name.
KYUBEI: but it seems they're actually quite skilled.
KYUBEI: This is getting interesting.
KYUBEI: Never mind. I said I'm going.
TOJO: [Note: Harakiri is ritual suicide by disembowelment.]
KYUBEI: So you think they're better than I am?
TOJO: You are the hope of the Yagyu clan.
TOJO: Just put these on and go... It looks like rain...
KYUBEI: Cut it out! Can you please stop smothering me?
TOJO: it's been my duty to protect and care for you.
TOJO: You are so very dear to me!
TOJO: Please try to understand how I feel!
TOJO: Young Lord! Look out!
TOJO: Damn crow!
TOJO: How dare you poop on my Young Lord!
HIJIKATA: I see...so they got Sogo.
HIJIKATA: Serves him right.
SHINPACHI: Where'd you get that?
SHINPACHI: Come on. Pull yourself together. Are you all right?
SHINPACHI: You're bleeding a lot.
HIJIKATA: Seems we both underestimated each other...
SHINPACHI: Beats me.
HIJIKATA: Probably got taken out a long time ago.
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san hasn't come back from the bathroom either. Is he okay?
SHINPACHI: Yagyu...!
HIJIKATA: The big boys are finally making their move.
SHINPACHI: Hey! They're headed straight this way.
HIJIKATA: What's going on? How did they spot us?
SHINPACHI: Look at what you've got in your mouth!
HIJIKATA: This is bad. Let's retreat for now.
SHINPACHI: Right!
SHINPACHI: Come on out. We've got to run! The enemy is...
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san?
SHINPACHI: There's no answer? Did he leave?
 KOND: (M)Pa-Pa...!
 KOND: (M)The paper!
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san! Looks like Kondo-san's not here anymore.
HIJIKATA: We have no choice. Let's go!
SHINPACHI: Right.
KONDO: W-Wait! Toshi!
KONDO: The paper's forsaken me! I'm still in here!
KONDO: [Note: Pronunciation for "paper" is the same as "god."]
KONDO: There's no toilet paper. I haven't wiped my butt yet!
 KOND: (M)This sucks! I'm stranded in enemy territory with crap on my butt!
 KOND: (M)[Note: Spoof of Mobile Suit Gundam 0079.]
 KOND: (M)This is like when Garma got his ass shot by White Base.
 KOND: (M)What am I supposed to do?!
 KOND: (M)I need something to wipe with!
 KOND: (M)This is a bathroom.
 KOND: (M)There are three other stalls.
 KOND: (M)The odds of all four being out of toilet paper are astronomical!
 KOND: (M)There's got to be a few sheets...somewhere!
 KOND: (M)Someone's in here!
 KOND: (M)Someone is crapping in here besides me. What luck!
KONDO: I need help!
KONDO: I'm trapped in here! And I ran out of toilet paper.
KONDO: Please... Can you please spare me a little?
GINTOKI: The God of toilet paper has abandoned this place.
KONDO: Hey! What're you doing here?!
GINTOKI: You know. We both came for the same reason.
KONDO: What? You mean...
GINTOKI: Do you realize I've been locked in a desperate struggle of my own?
GINTOKI: I'm detoxed and depressed...
KONDO: You can't be serious!
KONDO: We have to get out of here.
BINBOKUSAI: Paaaaper...
GINTOKI: What's the matter?
KONDO: A g-ghost...! There's a ghost! Like a miniature Yoda.
GINTOKI: That's the toilet specter.
BINBOKUSAI: {\i1}Was it Otae-chan? I think it was her cooking.
KONDO: The toilet specter?!
GINTOKI: It's what happens to people who get trapped in a bathroom with no way of wiping.
KONDO: Are you serious?
GINTOKI: That's right. So hurry up and find some paper.
KONDO: You want me to go out there with my butt exposed?
GINTOKI: Better if you take everything off.
KONDO: Make yourself useful!
GINTOKI: All you've been doing is providing commentary on other people's battles.
KONDO: How dare you! Commentary is a thing of value!
GINTOKI: A monkey can do commentary.
KONDO: What?!
TOJO: We don't usually use these restrooms.
TOJO: That's why we haven't restocked the paper.
TOJO: So of course it's impossible to unwind the core and use that to wipe with.
TOJO: You are trapped like rats. How shall I finish you off?
HIJIKATA: Damn...maybe I should quit smoking.
SHINPACHI: Shape up!
HIJIKATA: That guy's awfully fast.
HIJIKATA: We can't outrun him.
HIJIKATA: Go.
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san?!
HIJIKATA: Don't worry. I'm not doing this for you.
HIJIKATA: Go find your sister.
SHINPACHI: The mayonnaise...will be on me.
KYUBEI: So that's your captain?
KYUBEI: He's a master swordsman considered the greatest the Yagyu clan has ever produced.
BINBOKUSAI: Uh...I'm Bigfoot... Do you have any toilet paper?
BINBOKUSAI: That didn't work at all!
GINTOKI: Idiot. You actually tried it? You're an idiot.
TOJO: It could keep us from winning.
KYUBEI: I'm afraid this battle was decided before it ever began.
KYUBEI: He is the most skilled of the Four Aces.
TOJO: Damn Granny! I knew that egg this morning was bad!
HIJIKATA: We live everyday not knowing when we might bid farewell to this life.
HIJIKATA: They don't need any sad words. All I can do for them is...
GINTOKI/TOJO: ...Is this our best?
MMM KOSHINORI: Otae-chan! Summon Otae-chan!
OTAKI: What? That girl again?!
MAIDS: Right! Right!
MMM KOSHINORI: Don't talk like you're my girlfriend!
OTAKI: She is an incorrigible tomboy!
OTAKI: She will bring disaster to the Yagyu clan.
MMM KOSHINORI: We already have a disaster.
MMM KOSHINORI: Kyubei and those wild Four Aces are wreaking havoc.
MMM KOSHINORI: They're tearing up the place.
MMM KOSHINORI: I don't know what's going on! I need to talk to her!
OTAKI: Her brother?! How frightening!
MAIDS: How scary!
OTAE: Out of my way!
MMM KOSHINORI: That's...!
MMM KOSHINORI: Otae-chan!
OTAKI: Stop! Hellion!
 OTAE: (M)Shin-chan... Everyone...
KONDO: I never imagined the enemy captain would be an old man.
BINBOKUSAI: What're you talking about?
BINBOKUSAI: You don't stand a chance against me. I guarantee it.
TOJO: There's no rush. We'll butcher all of you.
ALL FOUR: Somebody! Bring us toilet paper!
KONDO: This is ridiculous!
KONDO: Weren't you gloating a moment ago?
TOJO: I couldn't hold it in.
TOJO: Oh no!
GINTOKI: Do you know why we have two hands? It's so that...
TOJO: Binbokusai-sama?
GINTOKI: Hold on. This is no time to be talking about enemy this and enemy that.
KONDO: Don't use the word "shit"! I'm upset enough as it is!
GINTOKI: The main priority is to get some toilet paper.
TOJO: Team up with the enemy? Do you think I'd fall for that?
GINTOKI: That stinks! How long are going to keep letting it out?!
GINTOKI: Four adults together should be able to come up with something.
KONDO: What can adults like us do? Are we even adults?
BINBOKUSAI: Don't belittle yourself.
TOJO: Let's start by examining our situation.
TOJO: This stall has no toilet paper...nor does any stall.
TOJO: We can't even put on our hakama without wiping our bottoms.
TOJO: [Note: A hakama is a Japanese traditional skirt.]
TOJO: So we cannot go and get help.
GINTOKI: You're saying we're on our own?
GINTOKI: That's not what I meant.
 KOND: (M)I don't have any paper.
 KOND: (M)The same is true for them. They all know that.
 TOJO: (M)working together will create a strong sense of camaraderie between us.
 TOJO: (M)They're doing it to put us off guard so they can attack.
 TOJO: (M)I have to outwit them and wipe my butt first.
 TOJO: (M)Paper...
 GINT: (M)Paper...
 BINB: (M)Paper...
 KOND: (M)Paper...
 ALL : (M)Paper...
 ALL : (M)Whoever gets his hands on some first wins the match!
GINTOKI: Found anything useful?
 TOJO: (M)How should I respond?
KONDO: Nope.
 TOJO: (M)Should I go along with their plan?
 TOJO: (M)Binbokusai-sama?!
BINBOKUSAI: I have sandpaper.
 TOJO: (M)Sand...
 KOND: (M)Did he say sandpaper?
 TOJO: (M)Don't be ridiculous! It would rip our anuses apart!
 KOND: (M)seems like the high-end lotion tissue "SCoTchie" with anti-bacterial moisturizers...
 TOJO: (M)I want it bad!
GINTOKI: Wiping with that will make us bloody all over!
 KOND: (M)Don't let the word "sand" trick you.
 KOND: (M)It's the paper we're dying to get.
 KOND: (M)I see. It's still in enemy hands.
 KOND: (M)He's several moves ahead of us all.
 KOND: (M)I've been going against such an incredible fellow all this time?
 KOND: (M)I couldn't ask for a more dependable ally. I'm going to back him up.
 TOJO: (M)I won't let you win!
BINBOKUSAI: What?!
KONDO: Don't let the word "paper" fool you!
GINTOKI: There might be a way to use it.
 TOJO: (M)H-H-H-He's...
 TOJO: (M)playing Tsundere?!
 TOJO: (M)[Note: Slang for a character that at first seems mean and nasty but later turns out to be nice. Commonly appears in Visual Novels as seen below.]
 TOJO: (M)He was cold before and now he's turned nice!
 TOJO: (M)If he did that at the right moment...
 TOJO: (M)Even a battle-hardened bar hostess would fall for him!
 KOND: (M)That's right. This man had everything figured out.
 TOJO: (M)This can't be!
 TOJO: (M)This... That...and finished!
 TOJO: (M)Like...
 TOJO: (M)I'm like Seiten Taisei struggling on the Buddha's palm.
 TOJO: (M)What an incredible man... He's in a league of his own.
 TOJO: (M)We lost. We've been completely crushed...
 TOJO: (M)Sandpaper?
KONDO: Sandpaper!
GINTOKI: Now all four of us have some.
 TOJO: (M)What? What's going on?
 KOND: (M)Old man! Odd Jobs! Are you really cooperating?
 KOND: (M)It's three-times rougher than I thought! And it's two-sided!
 KOND: (M)Is he...?
 KOND: (M)The old man...couldn't be...
 KOND: (M)He's wiping! No doubt about it! With this sandpaper!
 KOND: (M)I-It's unbelievable!
 KOND: (M)He's a sage...
 KOND: (M)[Note: Like Pervy sage in NARUTO.]
 KOND: (M)A man who has toughened his butt on the burning sands of some remote eastern land...
 KOND: (M)over and over and over again.
 KOND: (M)A sage with thick butt hairs.
 TOJO: (M)Binbokusai-sama...that was brilliant.
 TOJO: (M)This was all a ploy to apply psychological pressure.
 TOJO: (M)Huh?
 TOJO: (M)Wait a minute...no way...
 TOJO: (M)Th-That's absurd!
 TOJO: (M)He's a Count...
 TOJO: (M)In the far west...
 TOJO: (M)there was a man who whipped his butt with a hot sausage...
 TOJO: (M)called the Count of Butt Hair. Is that who he is?!
 TOJO: (M)[Note: Spoof of The Castle of Cagliostro.]
 KOND: (M)What should I do? Do I wipe?
 TOJO: (M)To win...for the sake of the one I love...
 KOND: (M)Otae-san...
 TOJO: (M)Young Lord...
 KOND: (M)This is paper!
 KOND: (M)No! Just a minute!
 TOJO: (M)Young Lord...
 KOND: (M)Otae-san. Sandpaper.
 TOJO: (M){\i1}Young Lord. Sandpaper.
TOJO: My duty is to protect the Young Lord and further his ambitions.
TOJO: ...was weak.
TOJO: But the next time...
KONDO: Otae-san...I'm sorry...
 KOND: (M)But this is as far as I got.
 KOND: (M)I am such...a fool...
GINTOKI: When someone who wears glasses takes them off, it looks like something's missing.
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: Kyubei Yagyu took Otae away.
 KOND: (m)Otae-san. Sandpaper.
 TOJO: (m)Young Lord. Sandpaper.
 KOND: (m)Otae-san. Sandpaper..
 TOJO: (m)Young Lord. Sandpaper.
TOJO: My duty is to protect the Young Lord and further his ambitions.
TOJO: ...was weak.
TOJO: But the next time...
KONDO: Otae-san...I'm sorry...
 KOND: (M)But this is as far as I got.
 KOND: (M)I am such...a fool...
GINTOKI: How'd we end up like this?
BINBOKUSAI: How did we end up like this?
GINTOKI: Jeez... I never should've come here.
BINBOKUSAI: Same here.
BINBOKUSAI: [Note: Binbokusai is an avid junk collector. People's large junk collections is an actual problem in Japan.]
GINTOKI: This is ridiculous!
BINBOKUSAI: Have it their way.
GINTOKI: Nothing.
BINBOKUSAI: Nope.
GINTOKI: Don't you...
BINBOKUSAI: Naturally.
GINTOKI: You swear it too.
BINBOKUSAI: You'll have to kill yourself too.
BINBOKUSAI: Are you wiping?
GINTOKI: I keep telling you...
KYUBEI: You're panting.
KYUBEI: Letting your opponent see you breathing hard...
KYUBEI: is a sign of weakness!
KYUBEI: Are you mocking me?
KYUBEI: But you're not only breathing hard.
KYUBEI: Do you think you can win against me like that?
 HIJI: (M)What am I playing at?
 HIJI: (M)If my intuition is correct...
 HIJI: (M)If I'm right...then what is this fight really about?
 HIJI: (m)Don't hesitate.
 HIJI: (m)I fight to kill my enemy!
GINTOKI: I'm trying to get a clean shot at your plate.
BINBOKUSAI: You see things pretty clearly with those dead-fish eyes.
MAID 1: There she is!
MAID 2: Cut her off.
KOSHINORI: Stop! Stop!
KOSHINORI: I won't let your run amuck anymore!
OTAE: Shin-chan?!
SHINPACHI: Quiet!
SHINPACHI: I'm never ever going to listen to anything you say again!
SHINPACHI: You came here to be a bride without telling me anything!
SHINPACHI: That gives me the right to take you back the same way!
MAID: Otae-sama!
GINTOKI: This old guy's a freak!
OTAE: Shin-chan... I apologize for not saying anything to you.
OTAE: And besides...I've already made up my mind.
SHINPACHI: make up your mind by yourself and leave by yourself with a smile on your face.
SHINPACHI: Stop putting up a front!
SHINPACHI: I won't let you say that I'm alone in this!
SHINPACHI: Everyone came here because we saw the sadness in your face.
SHINPACHI: None of us can stand it...
SHINPACHI: when you're unhappy.
OTAE: This is none of their business.
OTAE: I never asked them to come here.
OTAE: I'll say it as many times as you want!
OTAE: I wish I could stay with all of you forever too!
OTAE: I have to be Kyu-chan's left eye!
SHINPACHI: Left eye?
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san...
KYUBEI: Shinpachi-kun.
KYUBEI: Otae-chan happened to be there.
KYUBEI: I told her not to feel responsible.
KYUBEI: Because that incident made me the person I am today.
KYUBEI: I will have your precious sister.
HIJIKATA: Have her?
HIJIKATA: Don't talk nonsense!
HIJIKATA: We've all been duped. This whole thing is a farce.
HIJIKATA: He's...a woman.
SHINPACHI: Kyubei-san's a woman?
SHINPACHI: But...he says he's going to marry Sis...
SHINPACHI: Could it be...?
SHINPACHI: Do you...
SHINPACHI: think Sis is a man?!
OTAE: Of course not!
OTAE: He can only love women.
BINBOKUSAI: They say anyone who interferes with love deserves to be kicked to death by a horse.
BINBOKUSAI: It's not nice to interfere with a couple who've vowed to become husband and wife.
GINTOKI: Husband and wife?
BINBOKUSAI: I'm surprised.
BINBOKUSAI: My sensor went bad a long time ago.
GINTOKI: Just what I'd expect of the powerful Yagyu.
SHINPACHI: That's bullshit!
SHINPACHI: Sis!
SHINPACHI: you knew and you were still willing to marry Kyubei?
BINBOKUSAI: It's totally our fault she grew up that way.
BINBOKUSAI: Kyubei would've lost her position in the Yagyu clan.
BINBOKUSAI: My son and I thought of ways to help her.
KOSHINORI: You call yourself a boy?
KYUBEI: But...I'm a girl...
KOSHINORI: {\a6}You're not a girl!
KYUBEI: {\a6}But Father...
KOSHINORI: {\a6}Not "Father"!
BRAT 4: Sissy!
BRAT 1: This wuss is always crying.
BRAT: Do you really have a ding-dong?
BRAT: Let's take off his hakama and check!
OTAE: So what if you're small.
KYUBEI: will you be the balls between my legs?
OTAE: That's impossible.
KYUBEI: They'll grow in.
OTAE: They won't grow in.
KYUBEI: I'll go to Morocco to grow some!
 KYUB: (m)She's a very strong girl...
 KYUB: (m)But eventually I realized... She was hiding something behind her smile.
SUBORDINANT: Damn kid!
OTAE: Shin-chan!
BOSS INOUE: You're one smart-aleck kid who can't pay back the money you borrowed.
BOSS INOUE: What do you say?
OTAE: Stop it!
BOSS INOUE: Shut up!
KYUBEI: I wanted to protect her.
 OTAE: (m)Kyu-chan...
OTAE: Kyu-chan...are you all right?
KYUBEI: Tae-chan...
KYUBEI: We're attracted to each other by something that transcends gender-something more pure.
KYUBEI: I will keep the promise I made long ago.
KYUBEI: You cannot defeat me because you're crippled by your own definitions of gender.
KYUBEI: He lost his edge the moment he realized I was a woman.
KYUBEI: How can someone so weak-spirited protect what's important to him?
BINBOKUSAI: but the path those two tread is strewn with boulders.
BINBOKUSAI: It's our job to see it through to the end.
SHINPACHI: Don't go...
SHINPACHI: mouthing off...
GINTOKI: selfish...excuses!!
SHINPACHI: She was hiding something behind her smile?!
SHINPACHI: why can't you see she's hiding something from you right now?!
GINTOKI: A kind of love?
GINTOKI: without even trying to understand how the other person feels!
SHINPACHI: An attraction that transcends gender, you say?!
SHINPACHI: Someone who makes his or her beloved cry...
GINTOKI: isn't a man or a woman!!
SHINPACHI: It's called a jerk!!
GINTOKI: It's called a jerk!!
SHINPACHI: Idiot!
GINTOKI: Idiot!
SHINPACHI: That's why I hate guys who can't get girls!
KOSHINORI: I won't let you sully the name of the Yagyu clan any further!
KOSHINORI: Get them!
KONDO: Outta my way!!
OTAE: Kondo-san!
OKITA: So please hurry it up!
HIJIKATA: Why am I your horse?!
OKITA: China girl!
KOSHINORI: There are only four of them! What's the problem?!
SHINPACHI: I can't see...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: Easy for you to say...
OTAE: I want to go back...
GINTOKI: Don't move!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
KYUBEI: That's why you took on a fight you had no chance of winning.
KYUBEI: You've always been like that.
KYUBEI: Do you know why Tae-chan developed that fake smile?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
KYUBEI: I'm the only one who can protect her.
GINTOKI: Don't talk as if you know.
GINTOKI: What do you know about this guy?!
GINTOKI: I don't want to hear someone like you bad-mouthing...my friend!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
BINBOKUSAI: Your captain is finished.
GINTOKI: Old man.
GINTOKI: Your grandchild doesn't seem to realize that...
BINBOKUSAI: Where's...
BINBOKUSAI: your wooden sword?
GINTOKI: Uh-oh...
BINBOKUSAI: Kyubei?!
SHINPACHI: Ahh...I finally found them.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
SHINPACHI: I can see just fine now!
SHINPACHI: A Woman's Best Make Up is Her Smile.
 Name:  Text
OTAE: I want to go back...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
binbokusai: Your captain is finished.
GINTOKI: Old man.
GINTOKI: Your grandchild doesn't seem to realize that...
binbokusai: Where's...
binbokusai: your wooden sword?
GINTOKI: Uh-oh...
binbokusai: Kyubei?!
shinpachi: Ahh...I finally found them.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
shinpachi: I can see just fine now!
caption: [It's the final chapter of the Yagyu Arc! The long battle (with a one-episode break) finally comes to a conclusion!]
caption: [Do you remember the rule that whoever breaks the opposing captain's plate wins?]
 Kyub: (M)Will I get Shinpachi-kun first?
 shin: (M)No!
 shin: (m)He's not after me!
 shin: (m)That leaves an opening to go after the captain...!
 Kyub: (M)The most dangerous opponent is...
 Kyub: (m)What?!
shinpachi: Got it!
 binb: (m)But as I told you before-
 binb: (m)you can't win this battle
 binb: (m)carrying a burden like him on your shoulders.
 binb: (m)It's not that simple!
 binb: (m)Looking after that kid to the very end is what made you lose.
 binb: (m)Why were you so determined to do that?!
kondo: We!
kondo: Won!
kagura: Shinpachi!
kondo: That's my brother-in-law for you!
shinpachi: Who're you calling your bother-in-law?!
okita: I've made another rival.
okita: [Note: Okita now has to fight Hijikata AND Shinpachi for the vice-chief position.]
Student: Impossible!
koshinori: Damn you all!
koshinori: What're you waiting for?!
binbokusai: We lost.
binbokusai: Don't say any more.
binbokusai: Don't say any more.
GINTOKI: why you tried to be his left eye.
GINTOKI: You both knew that doing something like this wasn't going to make anyone happy.
otae: I'm...sorry...
GINTOKI: You don't have to apologize.
GINTOKI: Everyone was simply trying to protect what was important to them.
GINTOKI: That's all this was.
otae: Forgive me...
koshinori: Kyubei!
 Kyub: (m)I should have known.
GINTOKI: Everyone was simply trying to protect what was important to them.
GINTOKI: That's all this was.
Kyubei: What that man said is right.
Kyubei: My selfishness shackled you with a heavy burden.
Kyubei: Yet you still tried to protect me...
Kyubei: by saying you'd become my left eye...
Kyubei: I also knew that Father and Grandfather were trying to protect me by raising me as a boy.
Kyubei: They made me into someone who is neither man nor woman...
Kyubei: No one else is to blame for my becoming like this... It's my fault for being weak.
Kyubei: Yet everyone tried to protect me to the very end.
Kyubei: I'm...weak.
Kyubei: Tae-chan...
Kyubei: Tae-chan...
Kyubei: Why did things turn out this way?
KYUBEI: When did it start...?
Kyubei: I wanted to play house and cat's cradle with everyone else.
otae: Kyu-chan... You are Kyu-chan.
otae: It doesn't matter if you're a boy or a girl.
otae: So...don't cry...
otae: And you call yourself a...samurai...
Kyubei: Tae-chan.
Kyubei: I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
hostesses: Welcome!
hostess A: Who is this mummy?!
hostess b: Don't come near me!
otae: I see.
hijikata: I didn't do it for you.
otae: and wasn't even able to go through with it in the end.
hijikata: You're not Buddha.
hijikata: There are people you can save and others you can't save no matter how hard you try.
hijikata: Is the way you live your life so fragile that you'd break just because of that?
hijikata: if there was someone you could save with that half-hearted sort of kindness you just talked about...
hijikata: What would you do?
emcee: Thank you all for your patience.
emcee: The bride and groom will now make their entrance!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san.
shinpachi: How do people end up in situations like this?
GINTOKI: This is just one step away from a shitty marriage meeting.
okita: Isn't there anything we can do?
okita: This reception is simply a formality to introduce the couple.
Do this  and well call it even.kondo: Do this and we'll call it even.
Do this  and well call it even.kondo: This is Kondo.
kondo: This is what you're good at!
GINTOKI: What banquet? There's nothing but bananas!
kondo: We Shinsengumi can't do anything violent this time.
kondo: Old man Matsudaira is behind this marriage.
kondo: That's why you outsiders are the only ones I can ask. Over.
kagura: Where are these from? Over.
kondo: Huh?
kagura: I'm asking where these bananas are from. Over.
kagura: Bananas are the king of fruits. Over.
kondo: Don't "over" me!
kondo: Ask someone near you! Over.
Over.kondo: What's the point of doing that over the transceiver?!
 kond: (m)I'm doomed!
emcee: Will the bride and groom please step forward?
emcee: We have kept you all in suspense long enough.
emcee: the couple do their first ceremony together as husband and wife.
 kond: (M)Whaaat?!
 kond: (M)Isn't it usually the cutting of the cake?!
 mats: (M)for the prosperity of their offspring.
 Show: (M)Show them you're a man.
 Show: (M)What's with that thumbs up?!
 kond: (m)You've got to be kidding!
 kond: (m)I'm not Kato!
SHINPACHI: I'm taking the rest home with me.
 kond: (m)Forget the Tupperware!
kondo: Otae-san.
kondo: I wanted to see your smiling face one last time.
GINTOKI: I got some on my left hand. Over.
okita: I dribbled a little outside. Over.
GINTOKI: She's been a bit down.
GINTOKI: Don't worry about it.
okita: That's not what I meant.
GINTOKI: You don't have to worry about it with that woman.
GINTOKI: She'll...
GINTOKI: make it up to him.
kondo: Otae-saaan!
shinpachi: Sis!
members: Mistress!
yamazaki: Finally!
yamazaki: The gorillas!
yamazaki: Oh shoot!
yamazaki: We'll decide who our Chief's bride is going to be!
members: Protect the Chief and Mistress's path to love!
 kond: (m)Guys...
matsudaira: Kondo!
matsudaira: This old man did something he shouldn't have!
 Kond: (m)Pops...
 kond: (m)All you guys... Everyone...
 kond: (m)I want to go back...
 kond: (m)want to go back to everyone.
 kond: (m)Otae-san.
otae: You bastards!
 Kond: (m)Hu-Husband?!
GINTOKI: So what's the bottom line?
okita: How does Mistress really feel about Kondo-san?
hijikata: She loves him.
otae: What kind of sick show were you going to expose my brother to?!
yamazaki: Mistress!
receptionist: At least tell us your name.
kyubei: It's merely a gesture of my goodwill.
receptionist: But this is such a large gift...
kyubei: I want to do it....
kyubei: I finally saw what I wanted to see.
caption: [A Minute with 9th Grade Class Z Ginpachi Sensei]
GINTOKI: A minute with...
all: Ginpachi Sensei!
caption: [The next episode...]
GINTOKI: Subject: Poopy.
caption: [(Administrative Notice) We have sad news to report. Please wait until further notice.]
 Name:  Text
KAGURA: Let's eat!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san... What is this?
GINTOKI: What do you mean?
SHINPACHI: No...that's not what I meant.
GINTOKI: and made it our country's tradition.
GINTOKI  SHINPACHI: Huh?
ANNOUNCER: Let's turn it over to Ketsuno-san!
KETSUNO: ...the village has also come under attack by a mysterious monster.
VILLAGE CHIEF: ...wilI be rewarded with our village's treasure...this golden radish.
GINTOKI  SHINPACHI: Golden?!
KAGURA: Radish!!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Go home!!
VILLAGE CHIEF: You'd destroy our village's happiness!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Now hurry up and go home!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Shut up!
VILLAGER A  B: Go away!
BRAVE WARRIOR B: What am I supposed to tell my wife?
VILLAGER C: Chief!
VILLAGE CHIEF: You've got plenty.
VILLAGE CHIEF: Wh-What?
VILLAGE CHIEF: Forget everything!
GINTOKI: Impossible.
GINTOKI: What's with this thing?
GINTOKI: Move.
KAGURA: Out of our way.
GINTOKI: Th-This is...
KAGURA: Kintama!
SHINPACHI: I said...
VILLAGER A: Amazing!
GINTOKI: {\an9}What are you talking about?
 PRINCE HATA (talking simu: (talking simultaneously){\an4}You got my name right and then you corrected yourself?
SHINPACHI  KAGURA: Yeah!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Dammit!!
GINTOKI: What the heck is this?
KAGURA: It doesn't look that different from Kabukicho.
GINTOKI: [Note: Sign in background says: "The civic hall of happiness."]
GINTOKI: What's with this forced feeling of happiness?
SHINPACHI: This is what you call the product of public enterprise.
GINTOKI: Happiness depends on each person.
GINTOKI: So...there!
SACHAN: Ouch!
SACHAN: Aw...ouch.
GINTOKI: You're gonna be my hunting dog from now on.
GINTOKI: Listen up.
GINTOKI: Go!
SACHAN: Bow wow.
VILLAGE CHIEF: Do your best for the happiness of this village!
GINTOKI: You're mine!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Attack!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Keep it up so we can collect as many golden balls as we can!
SHINPACHI: It's gold.
GINTOKI: Stop saying stuff that'll give people the wrong idea and just go find monsters!
SACHAN: Bow wow...
SACHAN: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: All right!! Here we go.
SHINPACHI  KAGURA: All right!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Villagers!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Attack!
VILLAGE CHIEF: Make sure you get all the golden balls.
KAGURA: These are my golden balls.
GINTOKI: Try and get'em if you can.
VILLAGER F: It stinks! What's is this? Natto?
VILLAGE CHIEF: Orochin!
VILLAGERS: He's right.
VILLAGER B: Let's go hunt down Orochin!
SHINPACHI  KAGURA: All right!
VILLAGER: Wow! Amazing!
GINTOKI: Like I'm gonna fall for that!
OROCHIN: Oro oro oro oro orochin.
GINTOKI: Orochin!
GINTOKI: Give yourself up!
VILLAGE CHIEF: What's going on?
VILLAGE CHIEF: Secretary... What just happened?
SECRETARY: That was a fake Orochin.
SECRETARY: I needed the power of people's endless greed.
GINTOKI: I guess...that's true.
 OROCHIN (SEC: (SECRETARY)There is one thing I must apologize for.
VILLAGE CHIEF: Y-You're kidding...
OLD MAN: Are you an idiot or what?
VILLAGE CHIEF: Looks like my plan to build a happy village is over.
GINTOKI  SHINPACHI  KAGURA: Ah!
GINTOKI: I saw it first.
SHINPACHI: I saw it when I first came out of the cave.
KAGURA: That's not fair.
GINTOKI: You idiots!
HAMKO: My dad said something about how you guys saved me once.
GINTOKI: I don't remember at all.
GINTOKI: You're right.
GINTOKI: So what?
SHINPACHI: Do you even know what you're talking about?
HAMKO: You just went from calling me a pig to ham!!
HAMKO: What?!
SHINPACHI: I...I'm sorry.
HAMKO: I stopped doing "Paradise" a long time ago.
HAMKO: [Note: Paradise is a drug mentioned waaaay back in episode 13.]
GINTOKI: Wears what down?
HAMKO: I already paid for what I did and I learned my lesson.
HAMKO: Do you guys really get that much enjoyment out of teasing me?
HAMKO: This is the text message I got from my boyfriend.
GINTOKI: I'm in deep poop!
Subject: [From: Tasuke]\N[Poopy]
HAMKO: He's not crazy in the head!
HAMKO: but the organization is now after him too.
AMANTO A: Hurry up and find him! Come on!
TASUKE: Crap! I'm in deep poop!
LEADER: Hmm... So you're planning on leaving the organization
LEADER: to go live happily ever after with this Kimiko-chan?
TASUKE: W-Wait.
LEADER: Decent?
LEADER: We're not gonna let you just taste the good stuff and then run away.
TASUKE: W-Wait.
LEADER: This is what's gonna happen!
TASUKE: Wait!
ZOH ELEPHANT: Who the hell are you?
GINTOKI: Who the hell am I?
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Strange Old Man character by Ken Shimura.]
HAMKO: Tasuke!
TASUKE: Kimiko!
HAMKO: Everything's okay now.
TASUKE: Do anything?
GINTOKI: Ow... She ruined it.
HAMKO: Hey!
GINTOKI: Sorry but I never had plans to escape with two pigs on my back.
HAMKO: What the hell?!
GINTOKI: My-My stomach's getting squished...
KAGURA: Your internal organs?
SHINPACHI: Like that would really happen!
KAGURA: Hamko!
HAMKO  KAGURA: Let go of Gin-chan or else his internal organs will pop out!
HAMKO: Hey...what are you doing? You're seriously pissing me off!
SHINPACHI: How would I know?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Outta my way!
HAMKO: You can totally kick ass!
HAMKO: What?
TASUKE: No way!
TASUKE: And I ain't no pube head.
HAMKO: Hey...
GINTOKI: You really should remember where you hide your stuff.
AMANTO D: So that's where the bastard was hiding it.
HAMKO: ...Tasuke...
HAMKO: You said you were gonna quit!
LEADER: Tasuke... How about we make a deal?
LEADER: You can have her back in exchange for the drugs you stole.
LEADER: Hand it over now and I'll let you go too.
HAMKO: Don't listen to him.
HAMKO: That didn't take you long to decide!
TASUKE: Do whatever you want to her!
TASUKE: I only went out with you 'cause I thought you were rich.
TASUKE: ...money.
GINTOKI: You Amanto who prey on humans.
GINTOKI: And you pathetic humans who wag your tails and lap up the crumbs.
GINTOKI: No way am I going to protect a miserable pig like him.
GINTOKI: Neither.
GINTOKI: But never mind that. Here.
GINTOKI: I'll trade you this for the ugly chick.
LEADER: You hand it over first.
GINTOKI: What are you afraid of?
AMANTO A: He threw it!
LEADER: What the hell has he done?
HAMKO: This is unbelievable.
HAMKO: I asked you to help Tasuke and look what happened.
GINTOKI: You're the one who's unbelievable.
HAMKO: Are we going there again?
GINTOKI: Is it because if you let him go you may never get a boyfriend again?
HAMKO: I don't need a pathetic miracle like that.
HAMKO: ...who would go out with a loser like him.
GINTOKI: What was that all about?
SHINPACHI: They look more like mother and son...
SHINPACHI: ...than a couple.
 Name:  Text
TOJO: Keep the lights on in your room and please watch from a distance.
HANAKO: I'm sorry.
HANAKO: I don't want to pass it on to the customers.
HANAKO: I'm really sorry.
MANAGER: [Note: POCARI is a Japanese sports drink.]
HANAKO: All right.
MANAGER: You'd better not underestimate a low fever! Take care of yourself.
MANAGER: This is bad...
BLACK SUIT: This is bad...
BLACK SUIT: The cold is spreading. The hostess club feels like a funeral.
MANAGER: And we host a VIP guest tomorrow...
MANAGER: This is bad...
BLACK SUIT: This is bad...
MANAGER: Aren't there any girls available?
BLACK SUIT: Well...
BLACK SUIT: ...just one...
MANAGER: This is bad...
BLACK SUIT: This is bad...
BLACK SUIT: ...But why of all people...
MANAGER: I'm sorry. May I take the day off tomorrow?
OTAE: [Note: White clothes often symbolize death. She's suggesting he kill himself.]
MANAGER: All right.
GINTOKI: People say that love is a sickness.
GINTOKI: The hostesses who make men lovesick all caught colds?
GINTOKI: But you look fine. You look as healthy as always.
GINTOKI: So it's true that an idiot-
MGT: It should be easy for you to introduce a couple of cute girls to us.
KAGURA: There's a pretty girl right here!
MANAGER: Tonight we are hosting a top government official who is a friend of Matsudaira.
MANAGER: It's a rare opportunity to get a prestigious customer like him.
KAGURA: What you're looking for is right next to you!
GINTOKI: Well...no. If she doesn't have antennas and a psycho gun on her left arm...
KAGURA: Who is that?! Is she like a monster?!
GINTOKI: No. You can't trust a woman who says she knows "pretty women."
GINTOKI: She always brings girls who don't look as good as her.
KYUBEI: Excuse me.
KYUBEI: Um... Is Tae-chan here? I've brought something for her.
GINTOKI: Ah...
KYUBEI: ...Um...
KYUBEI: Well... what...?
MANAGER: This is great! This girl is fantastic!
TOJO: You bastard! What are you doing with our Young Lord?
GINTOKI: Wait. Calm down. We have a bit of a complicated situation here.
SHINPACHI: Please help us out for a while. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
TOJO: Give me a break! As you bastards already know...! Young Lord...
TOJO: Young Lord...!
TOJO: ...would look much better wearing a Goth-Loli costume!
GINTOKI: No. The place you go to isn't a hostess club.
TOJO: with a strange customer... And it feels really nice...
KYUBEI: Don't worry. I've hated you all along.
GINTOKI: Are you fine with that?
KYUBEI: I'll be patient but somewhat ashamed. I've caused you guys a lot of trouble before.
KYUBEI: So I want to help you as much as possible.
OTAE: Kyu-chan...
TOJO: it makes her skin crawl and she does what she just did now.
KYUBEI: Stop talking like that.
TOJO: You react like that even when someone just touches your shoulder.
TOJO: Do you think you can really have a match with a customer on the mat?
SHINPACHI: We already told you that's not it!
SHINPACHI: I'm saying that's all wrong. Why are you talking about lotion pro-wresting?
TOJO: Please stop this already.
TOJO: It's about time we head back or we'll miss the rerun of Hachikuro.
TOJO: [Note: Hachikuro (Honey and Clover) is a TV show/anime.]
TOJO: Let's go home.
TOJO: I am Ayumu Tojo! My life's mission is to protect the Young Lord!
MANAGER: Why does he have a towel wrapped around himself?
MANAGER: Why is he hiding his chest? That really pisses me off.
GINTOKI: How many more people do you need?
MANAGER: I need at least three more.
GINTOKI: Three more... That'll be more work.
KAGURA: {\a6}Damn it. Forget it.
CATHERINE: Hello there. I came here because I heard I could get free sake!
MANAGER: Did you hear what I said?!
GINTOKI: [Note: SPEED and Momusu (short for Morning Musume) are all-female J-pop groups.]
GINTOKI: Two more...
MANAGER: Hey! What?! From the ceiling?
SACHAN: Don't touch me!
GINTOKI: I didn't!
 SACH: (M)I don't know anything about the Yagyu Arc or anything else.
SACHAN: That...
SACHAN: ...makes me so fired up.
MANAGER: Well... You're also a mismatch.
GINTOKI: Fine. There're six here.
SHINPACHI: Oh? I only count five. We're one short.
GINTOKI: Hey...
KAGURA: Gin-chan...
MANAGER: Is this a monster house?!
BLACK SUIT: Manager! Our guest has arrived.
MANAGER: Eh? Already? What should we do?
OTAE: The glorious path of the hostesses has begun.
KAGURA/ KYUBEI /SACHAN: All right!
MANAGER: Can they handle it?
GINTOKI: They'll be all right. They will...
CATHERINE: Hey... Hurry and get up there.
TOJO: The lotion's making me slip...
GINTOKI: Hey! What are you doing?!
MANAGER: Come on! Hey! What was your reason for even coming here?!
MANAGER: You've doing nothing but cause trouble!
GINTOKI: It looks unnatural to leave these guys on the floor.
MANAGER: Be careful! These guys are really slippery! Watch your step!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Ma-Manager!
MANAGER: Take...care of... my club...
GINTOKI: Manager!!
SHINPACHI: So fast! That was a quick change of heart!
MATSUDAIRA: What? I don't see many hostesses here tonight. We can't go crazy with this.
OTAE: Don't worry. There'll be plenty more once we get there.
 GINT: (M)They're coming!
SHINPACHI: What should we do now? She said there'd be "plenty."
SHINPACHI: We've gotta do something right now!
GINTOKI: Hello! I'm Pako.
SHINPACHI: I'm Pachie.
 OTAE: (M)So why are you guys wrapped in towels?!
 GINT: (M)We didn't have time to change!
MATSUDAIRA: Huh?
KONDO: I see many new faces today. Are they all new?
 GINT: (M)Wh-Why...?!
 SHIN: (M)This is bad. If they're our guests...we have to not only attend...
 SHIN: (M)We can't walk with our heads held high... Gin-san! What should we do?!
GINTOKI: Welcome!
 SHIN: (M)Gin-san!
 SHIN: (M)Don't tell me...! Does he think he's well disguised?
 SHIN: (M)What is he trying to do with that?
GINTOKI: [Note: Mao Daichi is a musical star actress.]
 SHIN: (M)No way! They'll find out...
 SHIN: (M)It's like putting on a black tank top and briefs and saying "I'm Death."
 SHIN: (M)She already did it! She's mumbling! This girl...!
KAGURA: My hobby is shooting sixteen times with automatic fire.
KYUBEI: My hobby is Star Soldier.
KYUBEI: [Note: Star Soldier is a series of shoot'em up video games.]
 SHIN: (M)Is this a club where everyone mumbles?
 SHIN: (M)I already told you that you completely misunderstood the situation!
 SHIN: (M)Why is she doing Yasugibushi?
 SHIN: (M)[Note: Yasugibushi is a local folk song of the Shimane prefecture.]
 SHIN: (M)Please get out of this club! I don't mind paying you for that!
OKITA: You're really something.
 SHIN: (M)How could he even understand what she said?
 SHIN: (M)What? They didn't come here for drinks?
 SHIN: (M)That's a relief! Huh? Hold on... Then why did they come?
OKITA: ...my Lord...
GINTOKI: Yeah. No... but it can't be...
OTAE: There's no way something like that could have happened.
OTAE: Why would Shogun-sama come to a hostess club like this?
KAGURA: People always use that name on their receipt.
KYUBEI: Did you just hear him wrong? Something like Uesugi-san?
GINTOKI: See. He's even called Sho-chan.
OTAE: Sho-chan is a cute nickname.
OTAE: But tell me your real name. I'm just curious.
SHOGUN: [Note: Shogun is the shortened form of the title Seii Taishogun.]
SHOGUN: I just said I'm the Seii Taishogun.
OTAE: Wow! Tendon? You're such a funny man.
KONDO: The second squad and third squad go way back!
KONDO: Listen up. Don't let even a mouse through!
KONDO: Even if a meteor falls from the sky...
KONDO: ...we'll protect our Lord!
HIJIKATA: The Shogun is being schooled on how to have a great night life.
HIJIKATA: I hope he understands how we feel.
KONDO: so our boss wants him to breathe some fresh air.
HIJIKATA: Where on earth...
HIJIKATA: ...is there a father who takes his son to a hostess club?
KONDO: A man needs only one bad influence rather than thousands of followers.
HIJIKATA: I don't need that kind of bad influence.
SHINPACHI: He's the real one! He's every inch the Seii Taishogun!
SHINPACHI: What we should do?!
SHINPACHI: You're the one who needs to calm down!
SHINPACHI: There's no way we can give this slippery mat to the Shogun!
SHINPACHI: I just said calm down. Are you only after the money?!
OTAE: Here we go. Another cup of sake.
GINTOKI: Don't say anything about the Shogun.
GINTOKI: What's wrong with the mumbling girl?
GINTOKI: A woman with a little secret is the best!
SHINPACHI: Don't underestimate pigtails!
SHINPACHI: But with a little polish she'll become pretty. A man likes that kind of woman!
MATSUDAIRA: Hmm... Looks like we have enough people now.
 GINT: (M)Be patient.
MATSUDAIRA: ...start the Shogun-sama game!
SHINPACHI: Shogun-sama game?
MATSUDAIRA: Let me explain the rules.
MATSUDAIRA: The Shogun-sama game
MATSUDAIRA: starts with writing numbers and the name "Shogun" on wooden chopsticks.
MATSUDAIRA: The one who draws the stick with "Shogun" on it
MATSUDAIRA: It's a game for adults only. Or it's like a king game.
 SHIN: (M)Well... I mean...
 SHIN: (M)Really... They have no intention of entertaining the customers.
 SHIN: (M)They're just focused on their own desires.
SHINPACHI: Hold on a second. The sticks are a real mess now.
SHINPACHI: Start!
 SHIN: (M)What?!
 SHIN: (M)Tsk. Too fast!
 SHIN: (M)The Shogun stick... Who has it?
 SHIN: (M)Pako-san...
 SHIN: (M)He's great! He sensed everyone's movements and picked the Shogun stick.
 SHIN: (M)What a great idea!
 GINT: (M)Shogun-sama was the one?!
 GINT: (M)This is really bad. He's definitely upset.
 GINT: (M)Please forgive me. I didn't mean to do it.
 GINT: (M)And on this day he happens to be wearing briefs. That just adds to his shame!
SHOGUN: The Shogun family traditionally wears manly briefs.
 GINT: (M)This is really bad. He heard me. And he even said that he wears those every day!
GINTOKI: Either you or me must get the Shogun stick and-
KAGURA: Whoa! I lost again.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Why did you start the second round on your own?!
OTAE: I got it! I'm the Shogun!
SHINPACHI: These guys are just enjoying the game!
SHINPACHI: They don't care about the Shogun!
 SHIN: (M)...Sis...
 SHIN: (M)Sis! You're great! You really care about the customers first!
 SHIN: (M)You're a professional! You're a true pro!
 GINT: (M)This is bad. It's been blurred out!
 GINT: (M)And the Shogun's not a Shogun. It's like a foot soldier's size!
SHOGUN: The Shogun family has traditionally been the size of a foot soldier.
 GINT: (M)Damn it. He heard me. We'll definitely be beheaded now.
GINTOKI: It can't get any worse than this. Things can only get better.
SACHAN: Hey...
GINTOKI: There is something worse...
GINTOKI: I remember somebody who cried just like that in my class!
SHINPACHI: This game is getting really bad...
GINTOKI: Those girls...!
SACHAN: Do you think you can get away with doing that to the Shogun?
SACHAN: I'll remember this!
OTAE: Try it if you can!
 SHIN: (M)Sachan-san... You... could it be... You're doing this for the Shogun?
KONDO: Our Lord... I wonder if he's having a great time right now.
HIJIKATA: Who knows...
KONDO: I hope he didn't fall in love with Otae-san.
KONDO: My Lord!
KONDO: Why are you naked?!
GINTOKI: Damn it. Things are getting even worse.
KONDO: You bastard! What did you do to our Lord?!
KONDO: Attention everyone! Follow our Lord!
KAGURA: Quickly draw!
GINTOKI: You guys are still doing that? You better stop it!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER: Chief!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER: The hostesses are headed this way!
SHINSENGUMI MEMBER: [Oedo Mart]
KYUBEI: My Lord...
KYUBEI: I brought underwear.
KYUBEI: ...Um...about all the rude things we did...
SHOGUN: That's all right.
SHOGUN: I had fun.
SHOGUN: I'll ask Katakuriko to take me there again. So can you play with me again?
KOZENIGATA: Do you know the origin of the word "hard-boiled?"
KOZENIGATA: It comes from hard-boiled eggs. Right...
KOZENIGATA: The moon tonight looks "hard-boiled."
KOZENIGATA: Master... I'll have a Camus on the rocks.
KOZENIGATA: {\an4}[Note: Camus is a brand of Cognac.]
KOZENIGATA: The next episode... "Hard-boiled Egg on a Man's Heart."
KOZENIGATA: Hard-boiled Detective is coming up next.
 Name:  Text
 KOZE: (M)Do you know the origin of the word "hard-boiled"?
 (: (SINGING)I'm a hard-boiled detective... A lone wolf.
SUB TITLE: [ACT 1]\N[THE AFTERNOON OF THE WOLVES]
POLICEMAN: Attention criminal! You're completely surrounded!
CRIMINAL: I get tired of hearing about the morality of such impositions!
CRIMINAL: I'm really tired! People should just die!
HOSTAGE: H-Help!
KOZENIGATA: Is that all you have to say?!
CRIMINAL: Huh?
HAJI: Boss Kozenigata!
KOZENIGATA: I'll take care of this.
HAJI: Boss!
 (: (SINGING)I'm a hard-boiled detective... Life is a battle.
 KOZE: (M)There's no rest for the hard-boiled.
 KOZE: (M)So we hard-boiled detectives keep fighting every day.
HAJI: Boss! Something's happened! The terminal's been overrun by aliens.
KOZENIGATA: I don't want to work anymore. It's like I can't get motivated.
HAJI: Boss...
 (: (SINGING)I'm a hard-boiled detective... Always faced with danger.
HAJI: B-Boss! It's a time bomb! What should we do?!
KOZENIGATA: I'm always putting my life in danger.
KOZENIGATA: But a hard-boiled man like me always gets into pinches like this.
HAJI: B-But the time is...
HAJI: Your hands are shaking. And you look like you're peeing in your pants...
KOZENIGATA: There's more...
KOZENIGATA: Mama...
 (: (SINGING)I'm a hard-boiled detective... A hard-boiled egg.
CAA CAPTION: [ACT 5]\N[ENDING]
GINTOKI: You'll be in trouble if you underestimate this TV show.
KOZENIGATA: A hard-boiled person won't yield to any threats or pressure. That's what...
GINTOKI: they'll really pull the plug and cancel us this time.
GINTOKI: Damn it! Five minutes have already passed!
 KOZE: (M)Why would "hard-boiled" refer to something other than hard-boiled eggs?
 KOZE: (M)It may still be too early for young kids who love JUMP to understand.
 KOZE: (M)Men can only quench their thirst with alcohol.
KOZENIGATA: [Note: Camus is a brand of Cognac.]
MASTER: [Note: Shochu is a type of alcohol common in Japan and Korea.]
 KOZE: (M)The current era isn't easy for us hard-boiled people to live in.
 KOZE: (M)People on the road look like...
DETECTIVE A: {\a6}That's him. Over there!
 KOZE: (M)...half-boiled eggs.
DETECTIVE A: It's the fox!
DETECTIVE A: It's Chogoro the Foxfire!
DETECTIVE B: He ran in that direction. Follow him!
 KOZE: (M)For those guys...
 KOZE: (M)...I use the Jutte at my waist as punishment...
 KOZE: (M)[Note: A Jutte is a specialized weapon used by law enforcement officers during the Edo period.]
HAJI: Boss Kozenigata!
HAJI: The fox! It was wearing the mask of a fox!
KOZENIGATA: All right. Even if it costs me my life.
HAJI: All right!
SHINPACHI: You look pretty drunk.
KAGURA: You'd better throw up.
GINTOKI: How about coming to our shop and having a nap?
KAGURA: There're many cute girls in there.
KOZENIGATA: Surrender quietly fox!
KOZENIGATA: Can I role-play something like that?
 KOZE: (M)A smoke after work... There's nothing better than this.
 KOZE: (M)It's my happiest moment. It's no exaggeration to say I work hard just for this.
 KOZE: (M)Men can bet their lives on just one thing.
BOSS A: What's the deal of sounding like you accomplished something?!
BOSS A: You were playing during work! You bastard!
BOSS A: What the heck are you doing?! What does "one thing" mean?
KOZENIGATA: Men have one thing they can't stand.
BOSS A: Stop saying awful things with that hard-boiled tone!
BOSS A: I said the mask of the fox. Why did you bring someone wearing a costume?!
BOSS A: Why are you always like this?
BOSS A: I always thought there was something uneven between your appearance and working ability!
BOSS A: You act like you can easily handle all of your cases!
BOSS A: But why are you so useless? Why is your hard-boiled so pointless?
 KOZE: (M)Some things may seem useless to some people...
 KOZE: (M)But that's all about men care about.
BOSS A: Shut up! I don't want to hear that from someone so useless!
BOSS A: How can you smoke a cigar while your boss lectures you?!
BOSS A: I'm going to kick you out!
BOSS A: Heiji while you were off acting hard-boiled somewhere there was another victim.
KOZENIGATA: Don't tell me...that fox again?
BOSS A: That fox became a wicked man.
BOSS A: And you Heiji have been chasing him for ten years and still can't capture him.
BOSS A: It's all your fault.
BOSS A: You're the real criminal! I should arrest you for being so useless.
SHINPACHI: It's because we invited you into our shop and put you in that situation.
SHINPACHI: But you also made the mistake of thinking that we were criminals.
KOZENIGATA: The Odd Jobs... You'll do anything as long as you get paid...
KOZENIGATA: It's a job far from those who are hard-boiled.
SHINPACHI: What? Do you really look down on us that much?
KOZENIGATA: I can't believe I'd...
 KOZE: (M)I'm not depressed. It happens all the time. So many things happen in life.
 KOZE: (M)It doesn't matter if good things... or bad things happen.
 KOZE: (M)Camus... The man's...
GINTOKI: That's enough. It's so annoying.
GINTOKI: That's enough. You repetitive hard-headed fool.
KOZENIGATA: Hard-headed?! It can't be helped since it's hard-boiled!
KAGURA: Your brain is so full of hard-boiled nonsense you can't work.
KAGURA: So quit being so hard-boiled! You idiot!
GINTOKI: Mother?!
MASTER: Sir...
 KOZE: (M)Don't bring complaints about work back home. That's how a man acts.
KAGURA: He's doing it again.
 KOZE: (M)You have to be cool in front of your wife.
 KOZE: (M)That's the key to couples living in harmony.
 KOZE: (M)That's why I'm having Camus today to rejuvenate myself.
GINTOKI: This guy just wants to say "Camus" all the time.
GINTOKI: He thinks he's hard-boiled whenever he says "Camus."
SHINPACHI: It's said that you can't judge people by their appearance.
SHINPACHI: Speak normally!
MASTER: Sometimes you can make your wife happy just by sharing your problems and listening
MASTER: to what she has to say. That's the way couples stay in harmony.
KOZENIGATA: Humph.
 KOZE: (M)He already knew so much about me.
SHINPACHI: He said "Camus" again. He's really pushing himself to be hard-boiled.
 KOZE: (M)Drop dead old man. Camus.
SHINPACHI: He can't be considered hard-boiled anymore.
MASTER: That means I've been hearing your complaints for ten years.
MASTER: The elusive criminal and legendary thief-Chogoro the Foxfire.
MASTER: just stealing riches and giving them to the poor so that he could earn respect.
KOZENIGATA: ...He's not like that.
 KOZE: (M)I'm pretty surprised I actually said something like that on the fly.
GINTOKI: You liar! You look pretty calm.
 KOZE: (M)But as his enemy... or as his rival... we've had so many fights.
 KOZE: (M)That's why I can see something like this.
 KOZE: (M)Men are creatures who understand each other only after fighting it out with their fists.
GINTOKI: What kind of flashback is that? It's not even fighting!
KOZENIGATA: That was...not the fox I knew...
KAGURA: You're the useless one.
KOZENIGATA: There's no way that kind of guy would kill people.
HAJI: Boss!
HAJI: Something terrible has happened! Look at this!
KOZENIGATA: This is...
KOZENIGATA: ...A letter foretelling a crime?!
HAJI: This was found in a house the fox snuck into tonight.
HAJI: He completely underestimated us.
KOZENIGATA: That bastard! How could he do something so hard-boiled?!
GINTOKI: Wait.
GINTOKI: Are you certain you want to violate your suspension just to clear your enemy's name?
KOZENIGATA: It's not something like that.
KOZENIGATA: I just...I just have my own style.
KOZENIGATA: I'll destroy that rotten egg with my jutte!
KOZENIGATA: That's my way of being hard-boiled!
SHINPACHI: He's not very cool.
SHINPACHI: And he's using only small change to pay.
SHINPACHI: What kind of hard-boiled person is he?
MASTER: I told you not to call me master.
MASTER: I'm getting sick of it. I'd rather not hear it anymore. I just want him to finish it.
GINTOKI: Hard-boiled! It's the real thing!
GINTOKI: He's the embodiment of hard-boiled!
GINTOKI: Hard-boiled?! You're hard-boiled! Was that hard-boiled?
GINTOKI: so I'm getting confused about what it actually means!
GINTOKI/KAGURA/SHINPACHI: Hard-boiled!
KOZENIGATA: ...Camus.
GINTOKI: You're really insistent!
SHINPACHI: There's so much security.
HAJI: Of course! Because the Magistrate's reputation is on the line.
GINTOKI: We need to sneak in there and capture the fox before them.
GINTOKI: But that'll make us look like thieves.
HAJI: Don't worry about it. I'll guide you.
HAJI: Most undercover agent teams consist of ex-convicts.
HAJI: You need a thief to catch a thief.
HAJI: And that is what I used to be.
GINTOKI: That's what I'm so worried about!\NSomebody get this kid outta here!
KOZENIGATA: What are we going to do if the security guards discover us?
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Are you an idiot? Really an idiot?
KOZENIGATA: Idiot! This bike was abandoned.
KOZENIGATA: A hard-boiled man always encounters a hard-boiled bike.
SHINPACHI: You're seriously deranged!
SHINPACHI: This is really dangerous so get out of the way!
SHINPACHI: Everyone stay away from this detective!
SHINPACHI: Hey! I'm getting tired of pointing that out!
GINTOKI: How much hard-boiled equipment are you carrying?
GINTOKI: Why are you in a bathrobe?!
GINTOKI: You look like a hard-boiled man who is done for the day!
KOZENIGATA: Taka said that he wears a bathrobe to work.
KOZENIGATA: [Note: Kagura is singing "Cat's Eye" by Anri in the background.]
GINTOKI: You! Whatever. Stop trying to be like Taka!
KOZENIGATA: Huh? Take this off?
GINTOKI: Just take it off. It pisses me off when I see it.
GINTOKI: Change into tights.
GINTOKI: [Note: Space Cobra is a TV anime based on the Cobra manga in JUMP.]
KOZENIGATA: But where can I change?
GINTOKI: Aren't you a hard-boiled man?!
GINTOKI: I already told you to stop doing that! That's enough!
KAGURA: Here I come!
DETECTIVE A: The suspect! There's the suspect!
SHINPACHI: You liar!
GINTOKI: Use this opportunity to sneak in from the back.
GINTOKI: Don't let Kagura's death go to waste!
PREVIEWKOZENIGATA: The next episode...
KOZENIGATA: We'll see you next week!
GINTOKI: It's because you took up all that time before Part A!
CONSTABLE 2: Is it coming from outside?
KAGURA: Arley!
KAGURA: Davidson!
CONSTABLE C: A-An intruder! From the front door!
SUPERIOR A: Is it the Fox?!
SUPERIOR A: What?! Tights?! What's going on?!
CONSTABLE B: She's on a rampage-shouting things like she can't control her youthfulness!
CONSTABLE B: She might be heading for Mt. Fuji!
CONSTABLE B: [Note: Biker gangs in Japan often drive to Mount Fuji for meetings.]
SUPERIOR A: What's with that offbeat description of her rampage?
SUPERIOR A: People who talk like that are usually the ones who haven't done much.
CONSTABLE C: Should you be mentioning names?
CONSTABLE C: Roger that.
SHINPACHI: Looks like they're moving out in full force.
HAJI: I don't think that'll happen.
HAJI: He went to the trouble of announcing his crime.
HAJI: The Fox would have anticipated this level of security.
KOZENIGATA: He'll come for sure. A man always needs to expose himself to danger...
 KOZE: (M)He's a bloodthirsty beast that can't live without it.
GINTOKI: Hey! Hide! What're you doing?!
KOZENIGATA: This isn't wine It's Camus.
SHINPACHI: He's totally scared-scared so stiff he's puking.
GINTOKI: You're a fool. Stop drinking that wine already.
GINTOKI: We all know you're not really hard-boiled.
KOZENIGATA: This isn't wine. It's Camus.
GINTOKI: [Note: Amuro is a main character from the first GUNDAM. Camus is a main character from Z GUNDAM.]
GINTOKI: Stop using alcohol to get rid of your jitters!
CONSTABLE D: What're you doing there?
CONSTABLE D: Huh?
HAJI: There's nothing suspicious over here!
CONSTABLE D: Something smells...
CONSTABLE E: You're quite the go-getter.
HAJI: Uh! I already checked over there.
 GINT: (M)This is too close...too close. They'll spot us.
 GINT: (M)Take off those glasses. What're you wearing glasses with armor for?!
 SHIN: (M)Glasses are armor for the eyes.
 SHIN: (M)We're sa...
 SHIN: (M)...fe...?
CONSTABLE D: Do you remember a statue like this?
CONSTABLE E: That's a statue of Leyasu.
 KOZENIGATA (CHAN: (CHANGED VOICE)Pin pon pan pon.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: There's...
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: no such statue!
CONSTABLE D: Kozenigata! Damn you!
CONSTABLE D: You're on suspension! What're you doing here?!
GINTOKI: You're not looking forward to it at all! You're running away!
GINTOKI: That was a cheap roadside drinking stand!
KOZENIGATA: That's a bar. I can't go into fancy bars-they make me nervous.
GINTOKI: You really don't have an ounce of hard-boiled in you!
KOZENIGATA: Haji!
HAJI: Boss!
KOZENIGATA: The...Fox?!
CONSTABLE E: He appeared! The Fox appeared!
CONSTABLE D: Apprehend-
SHINPACHI: What?! In the blink of an eye!
GINTOKI: That bastard!
GINTOKI: He's mocking us!
HAJI: Boss... Did the Fox...just save me...?
 KOZE: (M)Hmph... No way...
 KOZE: (M)But that Fox somehow seems familiar...
 KOZE: (M)We returned to the bar to regroup.
GINTOKI: How badly do you want to go to a bar?!
GINTOKI: Can't you do anything without going to a bar first?!
 KOZE: (M)We decided to regroup at a bar or while playing a game of pool.
CONSTABLE C: No mistake. It's the Fox.
CONSTABLE C: He's made it past each of our cordons and is nearing the Golden Fried Tofu Statue.
SUPERIOR A: We can't do this with sheer numbers alone.
CONSTABLE B: There! On monitor 12!
CONSTABLE B: Our fellow officers are being attacked!
SUPERIOR A: Hey! The Fox is showing up on monitor 9! Who is that on number 10?
CONSTABLE C: The Fox?!
SUPERIOR A: That can't be! Another Fox?!
CONSTABLE C: The cameras are being destroyed one after another!
SUPERIOR A: What in hell's name is going on?!
CONSTABLE C: The camera in this room is the only one left!
SUPERIOR A: How can this be? What the hell's going on?!
 COSNTABLE C (FOX : (FOX IMPOSTER 2)Maybe you're being tricked by the Fox.
GINTOKI: W-Wait!
SHINPACHI: He's just cruising! He's totally playing games with us!
SHINPACHI: It...hurts...
GINTOKI: But this is strange-we really ought to be moving more than this!
GINTOKI: What is this?!
GINTOKI: The floor is moving backwards!
GINTOKI: Cut it out! Give me back the effort I expended!
SHINPACHI: What'll we do?! We're not moving forward at all!
SHINPACHI: Faster! Run faster!
SHINPACHI: We'll be skewered! Faster! The spikes are gaining on us!
GINTOKI: [Note: Refers to Disney's Dumbo.]
SHINPACHI: That's it! Run on the walls! Jump like Bambi!
GINTOKI: Heaven...
GINTOKI: give me strength!
SHINPACHI: Wha'tre you doing?!
GINTOKI: Pull me out quickly! Pull me out!
KOZENIGATA: Coin toss!
SHINPACHI: Kozenigata-san! You really can succeed if you try!
KOZENIGATA: I'm tangled.
SHINPACHI: We can't grab hold of you!
SHINPACHI: What'll we do?
SHINPACHI: There!
SHINPACHI: It's not going to hold! It's at its limit!
KOZENIGATA: But I kinda like this...
GINTOKI: Forget that idiot boss of yours!
SHINPACHI: This is bad! What do we do now? Another one's coming!
SHINPACHI: We're in trouble again...
HAJI: It's old lady luck! We've got it made!
SHINPACHI: What's an old lady doing here?! Why is there an old lady?! Who slid her down here?!
HAJI: But we're saved. I wonder where that old lady came from?
GINTOKI: Dammit! Why do we have to carry an old lady we've never seen before?!
GINTOKI: Give me a break! I'm at my limit! We're ignoring the next old lady who comes down!
GINTOKI: Forget it! I'm done with old ladies!
GINTOKI: Hey! Now it's an old man! What's going on?
GINTOKI: Who is he?! Who's old man is he?! Ignore him!
GINTOKI: Don't look! We can't carry any more!
GINTOKI: Old man! We won't let you say good-bye!
SHINPACHI: She's right next to you! Your old lady's right next to you! Tell her what you said!
GINTOKI: We've got a family here! Who's passing them down?!
HAJI: Ack! Another person is coming!
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: What's wrong with you! You should be looking after your father!
GINTOKI: He looks just like his father around the corners of his eyes!
SHINPACHI: He's talking about an inheritance when his father and mother are in a situation like this!
GINTOKI: Three generations share the same eyes corners!
GINTOKI: You fool! This family's lives depend on us!
SHINPACHI: It's no use! We're going to die!
KAGURA: Arley...
KAGURA: [Note: Wordplay on Harley Davidson.]
KAGURA: Davidson!
FOX: A statue of the fox's favorite food made of gold shows how popular I am in Edo.
FOX: [Note: Tamamo-no-mae (Beautiful Fox Witch). Dakki (Fox demon). Houji was the concubine of the Ancient Chinese sovereign King You of Zhou.]
KOZENIGATA: We'll settle ten years of bad blood right here.
KOZENIGATA: Fox. It's time to pay the piper. Give yourself up peacefully.
FOX: You're a persistent man.
FOX: Why don't you give up already?
KOZENIGATA: Because I'm hard-boiled.
KOZENIGATA: A hard-boiled egg doesn't crack easily.
KOZENIGATA: Evil thieves like you who wanted to get the job done fast.
KOZENIGATA: He targeted only villains who took money from the weak.
KOZENIGATA: He never spilled any blood and never used the money he stole for his own gain.
KOZENIGATA: He gave every bit of it away.
KOZENIGATA: What I was constantly pursuing wasn't just the thief in you.
FOX: An officer shouldn't say such things to a thief.
FOX: And besides...never tell a thief he's "sunk low."
FOX: Thieves like me were low to begin with.
KOZENIGATA: Fox...you...
FOX IMPOSTER 1: Exactly.
FOX IMPOSTER 1: it doesn't change that fact that you're robbing and stealing.
FOX IMPOSTER 3: A thief is a thief no matter how you try to sugarcoat it.
GINTOKI: They're...
SHINPACHI: Eight...Foxes?
GINTOKI: No...
FOX IMPOSTER 1: We are all successors of the name and skills of "Fox."
FOX IMPOSTER 3: We are the Nine-Tails Gang of Thieves.
FOX IMPOSTER 1: we were agents sent into enemy domains.
GINTOKI: So you come from the same roots as the ninja. Nasty...
FOX IMPOSTER 1: It's been 30 years since you disappeared in Kyoto.
FOX IMPOSTER 3: I never imagined people would be calling you a chivalrous thief.
FOX IMPOSTER 2: You couldn't even kill a child and ran away. My how big you've become.
FOX IMPOSTER 1: We'll make you pay the price for your betrayal 30 years ago.
FOX: Betrayal? I don't know anything about that. That's crap.
FOX: Gentlemen!
FOX: The stairs! Hurry!
GINTOKI: Gas!
FOX: A trap set to protect the Golden Fried Tofu!
GINTOKI: The stairs turned flat!
SHINPACHI: I'm slipping!
GINTOKI: It's hot...hot... Or should I say painful!
GINTOKI: What? Survivors!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Kagura! Go!
GINTOKI: What's the matter with you?!
KAGURA: Got two of them!
SHINPACHI: Just like you planned!
GINTOKI: Perfect. Per-
GINTOKI: Uh-oh! Two. Behind you! Look out!
SHINPACHI: Run!
GINTOKI: Don't worry about anything else-just ram them! Ram them!
GINTOKI: Don't worry! I'll catch you!
HAJI: Are you sure? Absolutely? Make absolutely sure you'll catch me!
GINTOKI: You'll be fine! Hurry!
HAJI: Okay! Here goes!
GINTOKI: What was that?!
GINTOKI: What good's it do to ram us?!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Haji-san! I'm falling! Kozenigata-san!
KOZENIGATA: My comrades!
KOZENIGATA: But the bad guys are near.
KOZENIGATA: Coin Toss!
SHINPACHI: Why?!
SHINPACHI: Why'd you ram into your comrades?!
SHINPACHI: What kind of decision is that?!
KOZENIGATA: Well...because I was scared.
SHINPACHI: You ran away?!
SHINPACHI: I can't keep this up! It's no use...I'm...
SHINPACHI: Fox-san!
SHINPACHI: O-Okay!
SHINPACHI: Fox-san!!
KOZENIGATA: Fox!
FOX IMPOSTER 4: Did you forget the Nine-Tails were comprised of nine men?
FOX IMPOSTER 4: Did you think we wouldn't have filled your spot after you left?
FOX IMPOSTER 4: I've been looking forward to the moment when I would thrust this blade into you.
FOX IMPOSTER 4: That memory is still etched in my mind.
FOX IMPOSTER 4: I watched from behind as you took the child and a box of 1000 gold coins
YOUNG KOZENIGATA: Mother! Father!
FOX: But you mustn't use the money all at once. Spend it a little bit at a time as small change.
FOX: Understand?
FOX: Don't give up. A man must be strong.
FOX IMPOSTER 4: Farewell.
KOZENIGATA: Fox!
SHINPACHI: Fox-san!
FOX: Forgive me...Mister...for not telling you until now.
KOZENIGATA: That wasn't very nice.
FOX: Yeah...
FOX: Complaining to your foe every day.
FOX: Doesn't that make you a failure as an officer?
KOZENIGATA: I see... No wonder I could never capture you.
KOZENIGATA: You were...always watching over me.
FOX: Boss...You were never able to apprehend me in the end.
FOX: It was a total victory for me.
FOX: Not Camus.
FOX: Shochu.
GINTOKI: One more place...
KOZENIGATA: I don't feel so good.
 KOZE: (M)There are wounds that a man can only heal with liquor...
KOZENIGATA: Huh? Was there a bar here before?
GINTOKI: It's not a bar. You've really lost it...
OLD MAN: Welcome.
OLD MAN: Here you go. Shochu.
GINTOKI: Huh? That's...
HIJIKATA: Wh-Who are you...?
OKITA: Hijikata's corpse makes 4016 bodies.
OKITA: Hijikata the fool's corpse makes 4017 bodies.
OKITA: Hijikata the dummy's body makes 4018 bodies.
OKITA: Hijikata the moron's body makes 4019 bodies.
OKITA: Hijikata the bastard's body makes 4020 bodies.
OKITA: Hijikata the pile of shit's body makes...
HIJIKATA: Count sheep!
HIJIKATA: Of course you can't sleep counting grotesque things like that!
HIJIKATA: Who're you calling body 4021?!
HIJIKATA: Go wash your face and change right away.
HIJIKATA: There's someone to see you.
 Name:  Text
KONDO: The entire Shinsengumi will attend the ceremony.
MEMBER A: Why're they laughing?
MEMBER B: Didn't they just say something about marriage?
YAMAZAKI: You guys don't know? That's...
MEMBERS: What?
HARADA: The one who sends those Super Spicy Rice Crackers every month?
HARADA: They're too hot to eat.
HARADA: But they're so different.
HARADA: It's hard to believe such a polite and quiet person could be Captain Okita-san's...
YAMAZAKI: The world balances out that way.
KONDO: Oh! Sogo...you finally made it.
OKITA: I'm sorry. I'll join you after I take care of him.
YAMAZAKI: What?!
YAMAZAKI: Who is that?!
KONDO: She came all this way. Show Mitsuba-dono around Edo.
OKITA: Thank you very much!
KONDO: He lost his parents when he was very young.
KONDO: Let him be today. A man needs a place where he can let down his guard.
KONDO: Especially a guy like him...
KONDO: who never shows weakness and has lived obstinately all his life.
YAMAZAKI: Understood. I'll say I never saw today's Okita-san.
OKITA: So this trip to Edo is also to meet your fiance's family?
OKITA: Really? That makes me so happy!
MITSUBA: That's right.
OKITA: I'm...so happy.
OKITA: But I'm worried. Edo's air is filthy compared to Bushu.
OKITA: I'm worried about your health.
OKITA: Look at all those exhaust fumes.
MITSUBA: What?
MITSUBA: My...what is that smell?
MITSUBA: Don't worry about my illness.
MITSUBA: Are you eating three meals a day?
OKITA: I am.
OKITA: I am. I don't even have time to count sheep.
MITSUBA: How about friends?
MITSUBA: Do you have a close friend you can confide your problems in?
GINTOKI: What's up?
OKITA: It's Sogo.
GINTOKI: [Note: Name of Light's father from DEATH NOTE.]
OKITA: It's Sogo.
OKITA: That's okay. I'm still an eighth-grader in summertime at heart.
GINTOKI: Eighth grade?
GINTOKI: [Note: Takeshi Kaga is the Iron Chef Japan host.]
OKITA: It's Sogo.
OKITA: She can't handle stress.
OKITA: I don't want to needlessly worry her. Please do a better job of playing my friend.
GINTOKI: Sister! That's Tabasco!
MITSUBA: I thought I'd show you an especially delicious way to enjoy this.
MITSUBA: So you...
GINTOKI: Being friends has nothing to do with it.
 GINT: (M)What is this? I've never met anyone like this. If I'm not careful...
MITSUBA: Spicy foods are good for you.
MITSUBA: They enhance your appetite.
MITSUBA: Spicy foods have helped me many times when I was ill and had no appetite.
GINTOKI: you know.
OKITA: Master!
GINTOKI: Get me some water!
 GINT: (M)She wants me to eat this without water?!
OKITA: Sister!
OKITA: Sister! Sister! Please say something!
MITSUBA: I'm fine. I just spit out the Tabasco I just ate.
GINTOKI: Nausicaa!!
GINTOKI: [Note: The voice actress for Mitsuba also voiced Nausicaa from Nausicaa The Valley of the Wind.]
HIJIKATA: What the hell is this?! Water... Water...
YAMAZAKI: It's a gift. "Super Spicy Rice Crackers" from Okita-san's sister.
YAMAZAKI: Don't get angry with me. Be angry at Mitsuba-dono.
YAMAZAKI: Chief told me about it.
YAMAZAKI: before the Shinsengumi was formed.
YAMAZAKI: You should've let me take care of the trivial job
YAMAZAKI: of checking out suspicious vessels and gone to see Mitsuba-dono.
HIJIKATA: The kind of weapons the Anti-Foreigner Faction has these days
HIJIKATA: are different from those of the past.
HIJIKATA: I'm positive someone in the Bakufu government is diverting the goods through illegal channels
HIJIKATA: and selling them on the black market.
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief. Did something happen between you and Mitsuba-dono?
YAMAZAKI: I knew it. There's still fire in the embers.
YAMAZAKI: It looks like Mitsuba-dono is going to get married.
HIJIKATA: What do I care? What's with the "I'd say"? You piss me off.
HIJIKATA: You only notice the useless things.
OKITA: I had a fun time today.
MITSUBA: [Note: The bag Mitsuba is holding is from JUMP FESTA.]
OKITA: You don't have to stay over at your fiance's place.
MITSUBA: I'm sorry. There are a lot of things I need to take care of.
MITSUBA: [Note: Gin is wearing a Chopper hat. Okita is wearing Usopp glasses. (from One Piece)]
GINTOKI: Don't mention it.
MITSUBA: All right.
MITSUBA: How is...he...?
OKITA: I won't let you see that bastard.
OKITA: He left this morning on a job without saying anything.
OKITA: He's a cold-hearted bastard.
GINTOKI: He gets me mixed up in this and then just up and leaves.
MITSUBA: Forgive him. He's a selfish child.
MITSUBA: It's my fault.
MITSUBA: That's why he was always a loner even back then.
MITSUBA: He didn't have a single friend.
GINTOKI: Is he doing okay? How could he be?
GINTOKI: and he's awakened his sadistic side...
GINTOKI: He's no good. That shitty brat.
GINTOKI: What kind of education did you give him?
GINTOKI: He needs to choose his friends.
MITSUBA: You're a funny man. But...
MITSUBA: No wonder he's attracted to you. You're sort of similar.
GINTOKI: Huh? Similar?
HIJIKATA: Hey.
HIJIKATA: What're you people doing here?
HIJIKATA: This mansion...
MITSUBA: Toshiro-sa...
GINTOKI: Hey! Get ahold of yourself. Hey!
YAMAZAKI: She seems to finally be resting.
YAMAZAKI: I heard she was in poor health...
YAMAZAKI: but it appears her condition is worse that we thought.
GINTOKI: It just happened.
GINTOKI: What's with that afro?
YAMAZAKI: It just happened.
GINTOKI: How did that "just happen"?
GINTOKI: For you...it doesn't look like "it just happened."
GINTOKI: The way she collapsed just from seeing your face...
GINTOKI: Something major must've happened between you two.
HIJIKATA: It's none of your business.
GINTOKI: Forgive me.
GINTOKI: It's boorish of me to stick my nose into what happens between a man and a woman.
GINTOKI: I'm really sorry.
KURABA: Everyone.
KURABA: I'm sorry I couldn't do more for you.
KURABA: I'd like to thank you for carrying Mitsuba to my mansion.
KURABA: I run the trading company "Tenkaiya." My name is Toma Kuraba.
 YAMAZAKI : (SOFTLY)He's going to become Mitsuba-san's husband.
KURABA: I had warned her against walking around town because it would affect her health.
KURABA: My Mitsuba has caused you all a great deal of inconvenience.
KURABA: Your uniform...might you be members of the Shinsengumi?
KURABA: Then you must be friends with Mitsuba's younger brother...
OKITA: They're not my friends.
KURABA: Sogo-kun.
OKITA: How dare you come to see Sister.
HIJIKATA: Sorry to bother you.
YAMAZAKI: Hi-Hijikata-san... Are you sure about this?
MITSUBA: So-chan. So-chan!
MITSUBA: What's the matter? You usually get up early by yourself to go to the dojo.
MITSUBA: Did something unpleasant happen?
YOUNG OKITA: There's a guy who pisses me off.
MITSUBA: The one who began coming to the dojo recently?
YOUNG OKITA: I've had it. I don't want to go to the dojo.
MITSUBA: So-chan...
HIJIKATA: Okita Senpai. Time for practice.
YOUNG OKITA: You! Why're you at my house?!
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san said to bring you.
YOUNG OKITA: You! Is this any way to treat your Senpai?! Damn you!
 YOUN: (M)I don't like him.
KONDO: Just a minute! Mitsuba-dono!
KONDO: You shouldn't put on so much chili pepper!
KONDO: How many times do I have to tell you? It's bad for your health!
MITSUBA: But it's delicious.
KONDO: But nothing! It's definitely bad for you! It's completely red!
KONDO: Toshi!
KONDO: What're you doing?! What's that you're eating?!
HIJIKATA: It's an IT taste revolution.
HIJIKATA: [Note: A line from a joke by Japanese comedian Hikomaro.]
KONDO: What're you talking about?! Who're you trying to mimic?!
MITSUBA: The inside of my mouth feels like the Social Insurance Agency coming apart.
MITSUBA: [Note: The Social Insurance Agency (found guilty of insurance fraud) was penalized with mass firings and restructuring. This was a big news item in Japan.]
KONDO: That's because you can't taste anything! What's that supposed to mean?
HIJIKATA: The inside of my mouth is...
HIJIKATA: [Note: A famous phrase from the movie "Sailor Suit and Machine Gun."]
KONDO: Now who're you supposed to be?! Hiroko? Masami?
 YOUN: (M)I don't like him.
 YOUN: (M)I don't like that guy.
YOUNG OKITA: Hijikata-san.
OKITA: Would you mind giving me a lesson?
MITSUBA: Forgive me.
KURABA: That's all right. Let's take our time and make you well.
KURABA: The ceremony is just a formality.
KURABA: I've thought of us as a couple for quite some time now.
KURABA: I'll be going now since I have work to attend to.
MITSUBA: I know. I'm not that much of a fool.
KURABA: Well then... I'll be back.
MITSUBA: Incredible. You really do anything I ask!
GINTOKI: I'm an Odd Jobs.
GINTOKI: Don't eat too much now. It'll give you hemorrhoids.
MITSUBA: Do you think I collapsed because of hemorrhoids?
YAMAZAKI: No thank you. I always carry sausages with me on secret agent activities.
YAMAZAKI: Oh no!
OKITA: Looks like you've been sniffing around my sister lately.
OKITA: What's the meaning of this?
OKITA: Don't do anything more to ruin Sister's happiness.
OKITA: I want you to stop.
HIJIKATA: Tenkaiya.
HIJIKATA: They are suspected of conspiring with lawless ronin in large weapons deals on the black market.
HIJIKATA: He's been selling weapons at high prices to ronin.
HIJIKATA: He's a black market dealer.
HIJIKATA: Your sister's fiance is our enemy.
GINTOKI: Does that woman know?
GINTOKI: Sure you are-you're telling me.
GINTOKI: What about me? Are you making it my fault?
OKITA: Hijikata-san.
OKITA: He can't stay in business unless he's willing to deal with all sorts of people.
OKITA: And you saw the kind of man he is and how deeply he is in love with my sister.
OKITA: I'm sure he can make her happy.
HIJIKATA: Are you telling me to look the other way?
OKITA: Is that how it sounded?
HIJIKATA: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
OKITA: We aren't finished talking yet!
HIJIKATA: Are you half-asleep or something?!
HIJIKATA: Surely you can't believe your sister will be happy with that...
OKITA: She doesn't have much longer.
OKITA: I'm told she doesn't...
OKITA: have much longer to live.
OKITA: I can't stand it.
OKTA: But now when she's about to grasp happiness at last...
OKITA: I'm not saying to let him go. Just for a little while...
HIJIKATA: Hey.
HIJIKATA: The deal goes down tomorrow night.
HIJIKATA: Make sure your sword's in good shape.
 OKIT: (M)I don't like him.
 OKIT: (M)He's always like that.
 OKIT: (M)He just happens to show up and swipe everything I hold dear.
OKITA: Hijikata!!
MITSUBA: Is it true you're all going to Edo to find success?
HIJIKATA: Where'd you hear that?
MITSUBA: So-chan...he looked so happy this morning.
HIJIKATA: That idiot.
MITSUBA: Take me...with you...
MITSUBA: And also because...I...
MITSUBA: Everyone...
MITSUBA: I want to stay with...
HIJIKATA: Whatever.
HIJIKATA: What you do is up to you.
OKITA: I...don't like...
OKITA: him...
 Name:  Text
MITSUBA: Gin-san...
MITSUBA: What were you and Yamazaki-san talking about yesterday?
GINTOKI: Huh? Nothing. Don't worry about it.
GINTOKI: ...then it's gotta be about this. You wanna see it?
MITSUBA: Oh my!
MITSUBA: I guess boys will always be boys.
MITSUBA: Just like them...
KONDO: That's all for today.
MITSUBA: They look the happiest when they're with other guys.
MITSUBA: There really was no room for girls.
MITSUBA: And then they left without me.
MITSUBA: They didn't even look back.
GINTOKI: What a bunch of terrible guys to have left such a good woman behind.
MITSUBA: I know. That's why I'm going to become super happy and put them all to shame!
MITSUBA: Being single up to this age and my poor health have caused So-chan a lot of worry.
YAMAZAKI: has some shady connections with the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
MITSUBA: I'm...okay...
MITSUBA: ...more...
GINTOKI: Hey!
YAMAZAKI: Her condition suddenly turned worse.
YAMAZAKI: It's not looking good.
YAMAZAKI: Her family should prepare for the worst.
YAMAZAKI: That's what the doctor said.
YAMAZAKI: How can you work at a time like this?
YAMAZAKI: That's cruel...too cruel.
YAMAZAKI: I don't think you're doing the wrong thing.
YAMAZAKI: But what should be done right now...isn't this.
HIJIKATA: Humph.
HIJIKATA: Are you trying to say I'm cold and heartless?
HIJIKATA: His wife is dying and yet the husband's out here trying to cut a deal.
YAMAZAKI: Hijikata-san.
YAMAZAKI: N-No...
YAMAZAKI: Yes.
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief! You're not thinking of...!
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief!!
KONDO: Sogo!
KONDO: You should get some rest.
KONDO: You haven't slept a wink since yesterday.
OKITA: Those dark circles.
KONDO: It's just makeup.
KONDO: Huh?
KONDO: I heard you had a huge fight with Toshi.
OKITA: Please don't talk about that bastard right now.
OKITA: I asked you not to talk about him!
OKITA: What's the deal? Why does everyone talk about Toshi all the time?
OKITA: So where the hell is that bastard right now?
KONDO: Looks like you are tired after all. You should get some rest.
OKITA: Do you despise me now?
KONDO: Go rest.
OKITA: Am I just a nuisance?
YAMAZAKI: Chief!!
YAMAZAKI: This is terrible!!
KURABA: Hm?
KURABA: You're that guy from before...
HIJIKATA: You are under arrest on charges of smuggling weapons and illegal dealings with ronin.
KURABA: So you can arrest your friend's fianc without any hesitation?
HIJIKATA: Getting involved with a relative of the Shinsengumi while dirtying your hands in a crime like this...
HIJIKATA: You've got a lot of nerve.
KONDO: Toshi went by himself?
KONDO: Yamazaki! Why didn't you say anything?
YAMAZAKI: I'm sorry!
YAMAZAKI: then the captain would lose his position in the Shinsengumi.
KONDO: Damn Toshi! He planned on doing this by himself from the start.
OKITA: ...Why...
HIJIKATA: Whatever. What you do is up to you.
OKITA: That bastard!
KONDO: Don't you dare go anywhere.
KONDO: Stay by Mitsuba-dono.
KONDO: Besides...
OKITA: So you want me to trust you?
OKITA: Kondo-san... You have the wrong idea about me.
OKITA: I'm not one to trust others.
YAMAZAKI: Chief!
KONDO: That's because you're a kid.
KONDO: We don't know anything about this small gap that you claim to have built.
KONDO: But I'll keep jumping over that and punching you out as many times as I can.
KONDO: Friends like that are hard to find in this life.
KONDO: To have found two bad friends like that in our lives.
KONDO: Sogo...
OKITA: She loved him...
OKITA: With all her might...
OKITA: She always did.
OKITA: She finally got over him and was about to be happy when...
OKITA: ...he appeared again.
OKITA: How many times will he stand in the way of my sister's happiness?
OKITA: What an asshole.
OKITA: He's an asshole. He really is...
OKITA: But I know... I know that my sister would never fall in love with an asshole.
OKITA: I understood...that he turned her down because he thought that would be better for my sister.
OKITA: I understood...that all he really wanted was for my sister to be happy.
OKITA: I understood all of this... But it still gets on my nerves.
OKITA: He pisses me off.
OKITA: And that's fine with me.
OKITA: Kondo-san told me I'd die.
GINTOKI: One of the important things you talked about...
OKITA: Boss.
GINTOKI: That was a good nap.
GINTOKI: I'll go with you so I can shake off this grogginess.
OKITA: Boss...those black circles...
GINTOKI: Some punks beat me up.
MASTERMIND: I thought the Bakufu's dogs were already on our side.
KURABA: No.
KURABA: It's already too late for reinforcements.
MASTERMIND: By himself? Why?
KURABA: Who knows? It's difficult for us merchants to understand how a samurai thinks.
MASTERMIND: If that's the case...
MASTERMIND: All we have to do is take care of him and we'll be done.
ASSISTANT: Doctor!
ASSISTANT: Her pulse is getting weaker. Her life is in danger.
DOCTOR: We did everything we could...but...
DOCTOR: Is her family here?
OKITA: Sister...
OKITA: I...
OKITA: I...
YAMAZAKI: Outta the way! Make way for the Shinsengumi!
KONDO: Toshi... That idiot...
KONDO: Who among us would ever want to kick Sogo out of the organization?
KONDO: You idiot!
KONDO: Why do you always put all the burden on yourself?
KONDO: So you plan on being the bad guy all by yourself too?
KURABA: What a pity.
KURABA: I really wanted to be on good terms with you people.
KURABA: but who knew she was that sick?
KURABA: I loved her.
OKITA: I just want her to taste a bit of happiness like other people before she dies.
HIJIKATA: You and I are alike.
HIJIKATA: That's really...
HIJIKATA: ...an exaggeration.
HIJIKATA: I just...
HIJIKATA: ...want the girl I love to be happy.
HIJIKATA: A life like that is impossible for a guy like me who lives by the sword.
HIJIKATA: have kids like everyone else and live a normal life.
HIJIKATA: That's all...
KURABA: I see...
KURABA: Fire!!
KURABA: What's going on?
UNDERLING A: I-I don't know.
KONDO: Go!
UNDERLING B: It's the Shinsengumi!
KONDO: Toshi!!
UNDERLING C: Die!
KONDO: Toshi!!
KURABA: Start the car.
KURABA: I misjudged them.
KURABA: Head to the hospital.
KURABA: You bastard!!
KURABA: Sh-Shake him off!
HIJIKATA: You!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: I just went to get some rice crackers for her.
GINTOKI: You go deliver it to her!
GINTOKI: I'm sure she'll be happier to get them from you.
MITSUBA: You're leaving me behind.
MITSUBA: So make sure you don't go astray.
MITSUBA: Walk down the path you have chosen for yourself.
MITSUBA: Please...okay...?
OKITA: Sis...
OKITA: I'm sorry...
OKITA: I'm...a good-for-nothing brother.
OKITA: Sorry...
MITSUBA: it's okay.
OKITA: ...Sis.
OKITA: I'm not strong... I'm not... I'm...
MITSUBA: You mustn't look back...
MITSUBA: It was the path you chose.
MITSUBA: Then you mustn't apologize...
MITSUBA: You never looked back.
MITSUBA: You just looked straight ahead and kept walking.
MITSUBA: I loved looking at your backs as you walked away.
MITSUBA: Yet you were all so kind and I loved you for that.
MITSUBA: That's why... I...was so very happy.
MITSUBA: To have had...a wonderful little brother like you...
MITSUBA: So-chan...
GINTOKI: It's spicy.
GINTOKI: The brave warriors of Babel are trying to stop the construction of the Filthy Tower.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "The Most Exciting Part of a Group Date is Before it Starts."
 Name:  Text
 TOJO: (m)A journal of the Young Master's growth...by Ayumu Tojo.
 TOJO: (m)December 1.
 TOJO: (m)Tae-dono's presence has much to do with it.
 TOJO: (m)I have a heartfelt admiration for the deepness of her tolerance.
 TOJO: (m)It is truly heartwarming to see two blooming young ladies
 TOJO: (m)of marriageable age walking together in such a friendly manner.
.: but I wish for the Young Master to find her happiness as a girl.
 TOJO: (m)December 2.
 TOJO: (m)She burned it.
 TOJO: (m)December 4.
 TOJO: (m)December 7.
 TOJO: (m)The time appeared ripe. So I left a Gothic Lolita dress...
 TOJO: (m)She blew it up.
 TOJO: (m)December 10.
 TOJO: (m)December 12.
 TOJO: (m)I left a nurse's costume...
 TOJO: (m)She blew it up.
 TOJO: (m)December 14. The curtain rail above her curtain...
 TOJO: (m)She blew it up.
 TOJO: (m)To anyone reading this journal.
 TOJO: (m)The fact that you are reading this means that I am probably no longer of this world.
 TOJO: (m)I implore you to see my will through...
 TOJO: (m)and make...the Young Master...into a fine young woman...
 TOJO: (m)December 15.
GINTOKI: What the heck is this? A journal of the Young Master's growth?
SHINPACHI: How much free time do you have?
SHINPACHI: There's nothing in here except how you harassed Kyubei-san and went back and forth from Loft.
SHINPACHI: What's your obsession with the curtain guy?
TOJO: but it wasn't worth putting in the journal.
SHINPACHI: The curtain guy was even more irrelevant!
SHINPACHI: being that you know the Young Master's complicated circumstances.
GINTOKI: It's difficult for us to do anything precisely because we do know the circumstances.
GINTOKI: You want someone who was brought up as a man to suddenly become a woman?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Come back after you've cut your wang off.
SHINPACHI: Wait! Wait! Okay! We get that you're serious!!
TOJO: They both say to let nature take its course.
TOJO: The best thing to do is to let the Young Master do as she wishes.
TOJO: and you could say that's what caused the previous incident.
TOJO: That's why I have to do something!
TOJO: No!
TOJO: There's no time for that!
KAGURA: Because you tick me off! It felt like the time I watched "Shaberiba"!
KAGURA: [Note: Shaberiba is a debate/discussion forum TV show.]
TOJO: It's a race against time.
 GINT: (M)Could she be looking at...
 SHIN: (m)Reconstructive surgery?!
 SHIN: (M)Below that face...?!
SHINPACHI: Is she planning to erect a filthy Tower of Babel?!
KAGURA: A filthy Tower of Babel? You all have one.
TOJO: I'll pay you any amount.
TOJO: I'm asking you once more as a man.
TOJO: Can I ask for your help in preventing her from erecting a Tower of Babel?
 TOJO: (M)A group date?
 TOJO: (M)It's not going to be easy to change someone who's been living as a man up until now.
GINTOKI: But it may be easier to awaken her womanhood.
GINTOKI: That's the only way to prevent her from completing her Tower of Babel.
GINTOKI: some men. The chosen Babel warriors!
KATSURA: A group date? Don't be ridiculous.
KATSURA: What am I supposed to say to women I don't even know?
GINTOKI: Come on! What're you doing?!
GINTOKI: You're the only one going to all these disreputable places!
GINTOKI: What's with that "I did a good job" look?
OTAE: Huh? A group date?
SHINPACHI: Yes. It's Gin-san's idea.
OTAE: My...how nasty. That man's using us as his excuse.
KYUBEI: A group date? Is that like a group practice?
KONDO: You mustn't go! You can't go!
KONDO: A group date is like a bleep. It's a sex party!
KONDO: You mustn't. You absolutely must not.
OTAE: Who's housekeeper are you?!
KYUBEI: I see. So we join together after the meal?
OTAE: without doing anything after making the men treat you to as much food as you want.
SHINPACHI: Sis! Stop referencing the woman's unabridged dictionary!
OTAE: But it might be a good opportunity to become familiar with men.
GINTOKI: They're late.
SHINPACHI: I did.
SHINPACHI: Where are the Babel warriors?
GINTOKI: You and all the others don't seem very enthusiastic.
SHINPACHI: Where's Tojo-san?
GINTOKI: You're our only hope.
GINTOKI: Mix in among the women and find out how much they like us.
GINTOKI: Remember what I taught you? You go with them to the ladies room and...
KAGURA: For me it's that silver-haired guy. With the naturally wavy hair. He's cute.
KAGURA: He's kyuuute.
KAGURA: Kwuute...
KATSURA: That's not right. Didn't I just teach you?
KATSURA: Let's try that again. Ready...
KATSURA: Joy is Joi.
KATSURA: Now the chorus!
 CAPTION (On Elizabeth: (On Elizabeths sign)[Joi is...]
GINTOKI: Joy!
KATSURA: Oh.
GINTOKI: Not "oh." What're you doing here?
KATSURA: You've got it all wrong. This has nothing to do with the group date.
KATSURA: I was trying to promote the Anti-Foreigner Faction via rap.
GINTOKI: Shut up! You turned down my invitation and are having a great time!
GINTOKI: I don't get the significance. Go kick the bucket.
GINTOKI: I beg you-kick the bucket.
GINTOKI: Katsurap my ass. I'll wrap you until you suffocate to death.
SACHAN: Don't put me in with you. I'm not like you.
SACHAN: I'm always watching over Gin-san!
SACHAN: I'm a fairy-like Tinker Bell! You're a specter-an idiot dick of a specter!
SACHAN: [Note: Word play on Peter Pan and "pan" the Japanese word for bread.]
KONDO: No! Peter's Pan!
GINTOKI: That's just an ordinary pan!
GINTOKI: Hey! Who's responsible?!
GINTOKI: Who brought this idiot here? I really want to go home.
GINTOKI: Sure. You look fine. Cute.
KATSURA: You dropped your leather jacket.
SHINPACHI: What the?
SHINPACHI: She's here!
GINTOKI: Why're you dressed like the One-Eyed Dragon?!
KYUBEI: Sorry I'm late.
KYUBEI: Tae-chan said a group date is like a battle between men and women.
KYUBEI: So I came prepared.
 SHIN: (M)What is she expecting the men and women to do?
 GINT: (M)She really has no idea what a group date is.
OTAE: I'm sorry I'm late.
BUSUJIMA: Huh? Just a minute. Aren't we missing the cute guys?
BUSUGAWA: You said there'd be some handsome ones.
 SHIN: (M)She's got us completely surrounded by foot soldiers!
 GINT: (M)They're worse than foot soldiers. They're...
 GINT: (m)zombies soldiers!
 GINT: (M)You never bring anyone cuter than yourself.
 GINT: (m)Use zombies to make you stand out! A strategist...she's a strategist!
 SHIN: (M)Looks like we're the ones who didn't know how frightening a group date could be.
 TOJO: (m)January 11.
 TOJO: (m)The Babel warriors stand to fight over a single young woman.
 TOJO: (M)The filthy Babel appeared much too tall.
 TOJO: (m)What will become of the Babel warriors?
 TOJO: (m)Huh? Wasn't this a journal?
 TOJO: (m)I remembered about the curtain rail for the curtain and headed for Loft.
BOATGIRL: Thank you for choosing our Yamatoya houseboat today.
BOATGIRL: Isn't a costume party in the sky quite something?
GINTOKI: You got it wrong.
 SHIN: (M)It's so oppressive...
 SHIN: (M)What is this oppressive mood?
 GINT: (m)Don't make a thoughtless move!
 GINT: (m)Even when everyone is enjoying the conversation...
SHINPACHI: I'll make the reservation.
 GINT: (m)Or else the opportunity to woo Kyubei will be forever lost.
 GINT: (M)Bear it for now.
 GINT: (M)Someone will always start things because he's unable to bear the silence.
 SHIN: (m)But Gin-san this uncomfortable silence to a helpful guy like me is...unbearable.
 GINT: (m)Be strong! You're not the only one suffering.
 SHIN: (m)Somebody talk!
 GINT: (m)I don't want to be in charge of the party! Please... I'll give you 300 yen!
KATSURA: Excuse me.
KATSURA: There's something I'd like to ask you.
 GINT: (m)Zura!
 GINT: (m)Thank you. So you'll accept the thankless job?
 GINT: (m)A self-introduction or anything will do-just get things rolling.
KATSURA: Who in the world am I?
 GINT: (M)He's not introducing himself-he's questioning his existence!
KATSURA: I have no memory since a few hours ago.
KATSURA: Why am in a place like this? Where is this place?
 CAPTION (on Elizabeth: (on Elizabeths sign)["A horse stepped on you earlier so probably since then..."]
KATSURA: What is this freakish creature?
KONDO: All I can remember is cutting the front of my leather jacket.
KONDO: Who am I?
KONDO: I seem to remember...I had something to do with protecting the peace on Earth.
 GINT: (m)Don't go making up memories on your own.
KATSURA: What a coincidence.
 GINT: (m)Coincidence not! You two are enemies!
KATSURA: Maybe we worked together.
KONDO: I feel as though I've been following you for quite some time.
 GINT: (m)This has turned into a situation where the men and women have completely split up
 GINT: (m)and are separately having their own good times.
 GINT: (m)This is bad.
 GINT: (m)This is no longer a group date.
 GINT: (m)It's lunchtime in grade school.
 GINT: (m)The gaps between the desks are deeper than the Mariana Trench.
 SHIN: (m)We have to quickly do something.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
OTAE: You've left all your mushrooms.
KYUBEI: I don't like them. Their shape makes me feel sick.
 SHIN: (m)That's!
GINTOKI: Hey.
GINTOKI: Give me those mushrooms.
GINTOKI: So wasteful! I'll eat them. Give them to me.
 SHIN: (m)He jumped!
 SHIN: (m)He's the only one who can cross the gap between the desks without a second thought!
 SHIN: (M)The school boss!
 SHIN: (m)His vulgar behavior rains down on both the boys and girls without discrimination.
 SHIN: (m)His crude kindness shines like sunlight on both the boys and the girls.
KYUBEI: Thanks.
 SHIN: (m)The gap closes...
 SHIN: (m)before their very eyes..
OTAE: You shouldn't pass food between chopsticks!
OTAE: [Note: There is a Japanese superstition regarding passing something to another person using chopsticks. This is because such practice is only used when picking up cremated bones.]
SHINPACHI: Wha....
 SHIN: (m)That's...
 SHIN: (M)The class president!
 SHIN: (M)The only one who can control the class boss...the class president!
 SHIN: (m)You're way worse!
 SHIN: (m)the class president and captain of the kendo club with her skills and good looks.
 SHIN: (m)At this rate...!
 SHIN: (m)They're...!
BUSUJIMA: Things are heating up.
 SHIN: (m)The Ugly Sisters!
 SHIN: (m)So they go around sticking their noses into everyone's love affairs and messing them up.
OTAE: No. That's not what this is about.
 SHIN: (m)This is bad.
 SHIN: (m)The class president is out of touch when it comes to love. Can she handle the pressure?
 SHIN: (m)The desks are moving apart!
 SHIN: (m)The chasm between the boys and girls is growing larger!
 SHIN: (M)There's no other way-I have to do this. Even if it means a fight.
 SHIN: (m)They must continue talking.
 GINT: (M)This is the pits! What terrible fact did you dig up in all this confusion?!
GINTOKI: Wait...I was...after the one with one eye...
SACHAN: Oh!
SACHAN: Ouch. There you are.
 SHIN: (m)That's...the bumbling librarian!
 SHIN: (m)The bumbling woman who always watched the class boss
 SHIN: (m)reading health and phys ed books from the shadows of the library.
 SHIN: (m)She's the masochistic librarian!
SACHAN: Huh? Were you talking about me?
 GINT: (m)Oh no! I should've been more specific-one eye with black hair.
KONDO: Well?
KATSURA: Looks good. Like a rocker.
KONDO: Shall we try it together then?
 GINT: (m)What're you doing-ignoring the women?!
KONDO: We were probably blending rap and rock to sing for peace on Earth.
KATSURA: We can't rely on the government or revolutionaries.
KATSURA: We have to win true peace through song.
 GINT: (m)What're a police officer and the Anti-Foreigner Faction leader talking about?!
KATSURA: Joi is Joy. Joy is Joi.
KATSURA: Divine punishment comes to kill you!
KONDO: Just a minute! Wait.
KONDO: I don't get it! It's hard to play along. What's this with Anti-Foreigner Faction?
 SHIN: (m)Wh-What's this?
 SHIN: (M)The captains of the baseball and soccer teams.
KONDO: That's why I'm telling you "Official police bust" is better than "Divine punishment"!
KATSURA: That's too long! How am I supposed to sing to "Official police bust"?!
KONDO: Official police bust!
KATSURA: Divine punishment!
KONDO: Official police bust!
KATSURA: Divine punishment!
KONDO: Official police bust!
KATSURA: Divine punishment!
KONDO: Official police bust!
KATSURA: Divine punishment!
KONDO: Official police bust!
KATSURA: Divine punishment!
 KOND: (M)Official police bust!
 KATS: (M)Divine punishment!
SHINPACHI: The boat!
TOJO: They say a man and a woman who share a frightening experience often fall in love.
TOJO: They mistake the violent pounding of their fearful hearts for the throbbing heart of affection.
TOJO: Young Master!
TOJO: I will never allow you to build a Tower of Babel!
SHINPACHI: We're going to die!
OATE: What's going on? Did we get into an accident?!
GINTOKI: Kyubei-san!!
SHINPACHI: We have to save her! But how?
GINTOKI: So go!
SHINPACHI: Me?! No way! No way!
GINTOKI: I've got to try!
GINTOKI: Kyubei!
GINTOKI: I'm coming to save you! Hold on a bit longer!
KYUBEI: No! I can't stand to be touched by a man!
KYUBEI: [Note: Kyubei has an involuntary violent reaction when a man touches her.]
GINTOKI: This is no time to be saying that!
GINTOKI: You touched me.
KYUBEI: That was rash! Did you believe I would extend my hand?
GINTOKI: I didn't think you'd touch a man unless I did something like this.
GINTOKI: I thought I went through a lot of trouble for nothing.
GINTOKI: But no...this is a lovely woman's hand.
TOJO: So this is what you were looking at.
GINTOKI: The next episode...
 Name:  Text
 KAGU: (M)Huh? What's this...? The sky is all black...
 KAGU: (M)Huh? I'm the one all black...
 KAGU: (M)Huh? Has something like this happened before? Huh?
LAKE TOYA: Wake up.
LAKE TOYA: Your hidden power... The time to awaken it has finally come.
LAKE TOYA: Open...your eyes...to the gateway of your true potential...
LAKE TOYA: Wake up...
GINTOKI: Huh? Where are we?
SHINPACHI: Good morning. What's this? Where are we?
KAGURA: Is there a power outage?
KAGURA: It's a strange dusty place. I'm covered with dust.
SHINPACHI: Whatever! I wonder if this is all a dream...
LAKE TOYA: Wake up... Your hidden power... The time to awaken it has finally come.
GINTOKI: Shut up. Who set the weird alarm?
LAKE TOYA: This is the time to wake up.
LAKE TOYA: I said wake up already!
LAKE TOYA: How could you fall back to sleep in another world?!
LAKE TOYA: You must've read it in the atmosphere!
SHINPACHI: There's a strange man...
LAKE TOYA: You finally woke up.
GINTOKI: Huh? Who are you?
LAKE TOYA: I'm with you all the time.
LAKE TOYA: My name is...Lake Toya!
LAKE TOYA: [Note: Spoof of Zangetsu from BLEACH.]
GINTOKI: The spirit of Lake Toya?
LAKE TOYA: No one in history has been able to use me like you do. But...but...
LAKE TOYA: It's still not enough! You can still become stronger!
LAKE TOYA: You haven't tapped my full power yet!
LAKE TOYA: ...Huh? Eh? What did you just say?
LAKE TOYA: No...well...it's far more useful than you think.
LAKE TOYA: You know...
LAKE TOYA: You don't need an ultimate technique? Don't you have any ambition?!
LAKE TOYA: Why are you sleeping for the third time in front of a spirit?!
LAKE TOYA: Seriously! I'll really do it! You won't be able to walk!
LAKE TOYA: I'm counting! Really! And three!
LAKE TOYA: Come on! I'm making an announcement! An announcement!
LAKE TOYA: Let me give you five more seconds!
LAKE TOYA: It's a special rule that gives you another five seconds...
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Shut up!
GINTOKI: What's with you?! Tell us straight...exactly what are you trying to do?
LAKE TOYA: I'll tell it to you straight.
LAKE TOYA: You're not too bad if you can hurt a spirit's legs... But you're still too green.
LAKE TOYA: You'll be able to get stronger.
SHINPACHI: Please let us return home.
SHINPACHI: but also the nose and mouth.
SHINPACHI: It'll be possible to bring forth bodily fluids from every orifice.
GINTOKI: Sounds like it's your ultimate technique.
LAKE TOYA: Why are you adamantly refusing to learn the ultimate technique?
LAKE TOYA: What? Are you just shy? Or are you ashamed to shout out the ultimate technique's name?
KAGURA: I wonder why this guy is so adamant about teaching us the ultimate technique.
LAKE TOYA: Perhaps an enemy stronger than anything you have ever faced will appear.
LAKE TOYA: You can't survive without this ultimate technique.
LAKE TOYA: And I'll be in trouble if something happens to my master.
SHINPACHI: You worry about things beyond your control!
LAKE TOYA: I won't return you to your world until you learn it.
LAKE TOYA: Forever... You'll be stuck in this world.
KAGURA: We'll stay here for a while.
MOM: You can't make any friends because you do things like this!
LAKE TOYA: M-Mom...
SHINPACHI: Somehow...the mother appeared... the mother of the spirit...
LAKE TOYA: The reason why I can't make any friends is because Daddy's had so many job transfers.
MOM: Don't blame everything on his transfers!
MOM: Daddy has his own circumstances with his job!
GINTOKI: Why does his mom have a beard?
GINTOKI: That's all right. Don't worry about it.
MOM: but could you learn the ultimate technique from him?
GINTOKI: Please teach us the ultimate technique!
MOM: Hey! Everyone wants to learn the ultimate technique!
LAKE TOYA: I just said "it's all right"!
LAKE TOYA: I look really pathetic!
MOM: What are you talking about?!
LAKE TOYA: And these guys don't look like they really want to learn any ultimate technique! So no way!
MOM: I know you worked really hard to think up the ultimate technique!
MOM: Mom knows all about that! You worked really hard!
MOM: What do you mean "annoying"?! Come on!
MOM: Do your ultimate technique for Mom! Let's show them what it looks like!
MOM: What do you mean "annoying"?!
LAKE TOYA: I mean...
LAKE TOYA: You're really annoying... Jumbolic Magnum!
SHINPACHI: Ah...he did the ultimate technique on his mother.
LAKE TOYA: Oh! Mom!
 MOM : (M)Yes...that's it...
LAKE TOYA: Mom!
LAKE TOYA: Mom!
DAD: I just got home.
LAKE TOYA: D-Dad...
DAD: Y-You... Your mom...
MOM: To-To-kun...
MOM: This is the time...for you to be free of the curse of your father having to transfer so many times...
LAKE TOYA: Jumbolic...
DAD: ...Jack Nicolle...
GINTOKI: No way! You'll break up the family.
DAD/LAKE TOYA: Ouch!
DAD/LAKE TOYA: Ow...
LAKE TOYA: Ow... It seems you have completely mastered that.
LAKE TOYA: That's your ultimate technique... the "Thigh Kick."
GINTOKI: Who needs it?!
 OKIT: (M)Huh? What's this? The sky is all white...
 OKIT: (M)Huh? I'm the one all white...
 OKIT: (M)Huh? I think something like this also happened last New Year's day... Huh?
GODDESS: Wake up.
GODDESS: ...the door to the closed-off world...
GODDESS: Wake up...
HIJIKATA: What's this?
HIJIKATA: It must be a dream.
HIJIKATA: But why me?!
OKITA: There's no school today.
HIIJIKATA: Come on. I'm not going to wake up just because someone orders me to.
GODDESS: Wake up. It's time for you to wake up. Open your eyes.
OKITA: I can't remember when I last slept this long.
GODDESS: You seem to have finally awakened.
HIJIKATA: You're...
GODDESS: [Note: She looks like Orihime from BLEACH.]
HIJIKATA: Aren't you cold? It's the dead of winter.
GODDESS: Huh? Well...I'm...
GODDESS: Huh?
HIJIKATA: You are under arrest for indecent exposure. You're too flashy.
GODDESS: Can you stop talking like I'm a pervert?!
GODDESS: I'm not. I'm different from those degenerate...
HIJIKATA: A real degenerate?
GODDESS: Wh-!
HIJIKATA: Who are you talking about?
GODDESS: Please listen to my story.
GODDESS: ...your Goddess of Victory.
HIJIKATA: S-Sogo...
OKITA: Well...
OKITA: No need to worry.
OKITA: People like her will recant after a bit of punishment.
GODDESS: I said I'm a true goddess!
GODDESS: Can't you understand the situation?!
HIJIKATA: That reminds me... I didn't see any background for a while.
OKITA: I thought it was because the anime staff was slacking off.
HIJIKATA: What's the connection between a white background and a degenerate?
GODDESS: What are you talking about?
GODDESS: I've never heard of a goddess being arrested!
HIJIKATA: We've caught them all before.
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san...?!
OKITA: Why are you crying?
KONDO: That is a real goddess.
GODDESS: Wait! That's my diary!
KONDO: I read it very carefully. You really had a hard time.
KONDO: There's room for leniency!
HIJIKATA: Of course.
GODDESS: No kidding. I'm really mad now.
GODDESS: You guys live here the rest of your lives!
GODDESS: I don't care anymore!
GODDESS: I'll devote the rest of my life to you!
HIJIKATA: What's this?
OKITA: Is this a new type of masochism?
HIJIKATA: She's the type who loves a miserable situation.
HIJIKATA: That's why she was taken advantage of.
OKITA: It looks like we've been put in a strange situation.
HIJIKATA: This is a real farce with that indecent woman.
KONDO: Don't say such a stupid thing!
KONDO: There's no way something like that could happen!
OKITA: And I'll be the corrupted fool who behaves improperly.
OKITA: Shut up.
OKITA: I need the money!
OKITA: I'm left with party tickets to sell!
OKITA: [Note: A party ticket is a ticket for a certain event sold amongst college students.]
OKITA: I'll be in trouble if I don't sell them!
OKITA: Are you saying I should threaten to rob my friends?
GODDESS: I didn't say anything like that...
OKITA: Then leave me alone!
GODDESS: No! Anything but that money!
OKITA: Shut up!
HIJIKATA: What kind of play is this?
YOUNG BOY: Stop!
HIJIKATA/KONDO: Huh...?
YOUNG BOY: Don't raise your hand to the goddess! I won't forgive you!
GODDESS: Stop! You misunderstand! So-chan didn't do anything bad!
OKITA: Since when did I become "So-chan"?
YOUNG BOY: ...and that slightly melancholic beauty mark.
YOUNG BOY: I've always been watching you from the shadows.
KONDO: That's stalking!
OKITA: You're one to talk...
KONDO: Huh?
OKITA: What the heck is going on here?
KONDO: Let me explain.
KONDO: He's the Angel of Death.
KONDO: But they're growing to like each other again.
GODDESS: Ma-Manager?!
OKITA: Another strange man has shown up.
BOSS: But it's strange. I didn't have any affairs.
PUNK: [Note: Parody of Ichigo from BLEACH.]
GODDESS: The Soul Reaper! Why have you come here?!
PUNK: Not just me...
PUNK: I heard you've been dating all of them for the last two years.
YOUNG MAN: What?! There's no way a goddess would do something like that.
BOSS: I didn't hear anything like that!
GODDESS: W-Well...
HIJIKATA: There's not a single decent god...
GODDESS: I've lost everything...
GODDESS: I know it's all my fault.
GODDESS: But I was lonely...
 OKIT: (M)Sadist Mode Change.
 OKIT: (M)[Note: Spoof of Kamen Rider Den-O.]
GODDESS: That's true! Yes!
GODDESS: I'm the Goddess of Victory!\NI'll just take back what I lost!
GODDESS: With my own power! I'll win over my happiness with my own power!
KONDO/HIJIKATA: What?!
GODDESS: Go for it! Oh!
GODDESS: I worked my best to fight...
GODDESS: ...and I kept fighting and fighting...
GODDESS: ...and got lots of men.
GODDESS: And I realized that working hard is so beautiful...
GODDESS: ...period. Huh? Was this a composition?
GODDESS: P.S. I'll be as happy as I can...
 Name:  Text
HASEGAWA: Someone said...
HASEGAWA: But that's just a lie.
HASEGAWA: and I've never heard of a god who would bestow charity on someone like me.
HASEGAWA: What a seedy bar...
HASEGAWA: There're so many shabby customers here that are just like me.
HASEGAWA: ...there is a goddess...
CUSTOMER: Come on! Jessica-chan! Look at me!
HASEGAWA: Jessica... It sounds like the name of a goddess.
HASEGAWA: It looks like my luck is changing.
HASEGAWA: What a wonderful life. Damn it...
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: {\an2}[Note: Madao (MArude DAmena Ossan) means a totally useless old man.]
GINTOKI: [Note: Ryugujo is a palace at the bottom of the sea where the Dragon God lives.]
GINTOKI: I wish I could help eat them. What a waste.
OTOSE: You'll get food poisoning from eating rotten crabs.
SHINPACHI: Stop saying things like that.
SHINPACHI: Even someone like me wouldn't stoop to eating rotten food.
KAGURA: Ow...
GINTOKI: My stomach is spinning!
OTOSE: That's why I told them not to eat it.
CATHERINE: They're so stupid...
HASEGAWA: But I don't know where the lowest point is.
HASEGAWA: Even kids held me in contempt.
HASEGAWA: as if laughing at me.
HASEGAWA: There's nothing I can do but laugh...
UCHINO: Hasegawa-san...
UCHINO: Geez. I told you not to smoke in here.
HASEGAWA: Ah... Sorry...I just...
UCHINO: And you shouldn't walk around yet.
UCHINO: It's not good for your injuries. Let's get back to your room.
HASEGAWA: Y-Yeah...
HASEGAWA: Takes good care of others and gives me a lot of attention.
HASEGAWA: But this dream can't last...
HASEGAWA: ...because a dream is...
SHINPACHI: You said food tastes best just before it goes bad! That was completely rotten!
GINTOKI: Don't go blaming this on me!
SHINPACHI: What?! You mop-head!
HASEGAWA: Yes...my dreams always turn into nightmares.
HEAD NURSE: Hey!
HEAD NURSE: What are you guys doing?!
UCHINO: Head nurse!
HASEGAWA: Why me?!
UCHINO: I see... You are all friends of Hasegawa-san.
GINTOKI: But I guess you're really out of luck.
GINTOKI: You were run over by a car driven by a mysterious man?
GINTOKI: It's rare to encounter a mystery man in civilized society.
UCHINO: You're eating right after getting food poisoning? You guys must be really healthy.
UCHINO: Please be nice to each other.
UCHINO: Ouch!
GINTOKI: Put her in a nurse's uniform and she becomes a 10.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: A 3!
KAGURA: But then I'd have to start from zero. Is it starting from zero? Hey!
HASEGAWA: But something's strange...
GINTOKI: Huh?
HASEGAWA: ...about Uchino-san...
HASEGAWA: She's not the kind of girl who'd eat someone else's banana.
GINTOKI: What? You're still pissed off about bananas?
HASEGAWA: I'm not talking about bananas! I'm just worried there's something wrong with her!
HASEGAWA: Speak of the devil...
HASEGAWA: What is she doing? Why is her face all red?
HASEGAWA: It looks like she's staring into that patient's room...
GINTOKI: Ah-ha!
GINTOKI: She's got a daddy complex. Daddy complex.
GINTOKI: Looking at wrinkled ball sacks made her remember her dead father.
HASEGAWA: Why ball sacks?! You could've just said "wrinkly face"!
HASEGAWA: You just like to say "ball sacks"!
HASEGAWA: ...Huh? Whoa! Wh-What's that?! There's something weird over there.
GINTOKI: Huh? That is...
GINTOKI: Zu...
GINTOKI: ...Zura?!
UCHINO: That's right... I'm in love...with him...
UCHINO: I don't even know anything about him. He's not even my patient.
UCHINO: But when we passed each other in the hallway...
UCHINO: He had these intense and beautiful eyes... I can't stop thinking about him...
UCHINO: I don't care!
UCHINO: That's all right... I kind of understood...
UCHINO: that he's someone I shouldn't get close to. He's from another world...
UCHINO: As it is... I don't know him very well... Just as a beautiful memory...I'll keep in my heart.
HASEGAWA: You're satisfied with that?
UCHINO: Talking it out makes me feel a lot better. Thank you.
SHINPACHI: It looks like Katsura-san is here just to look after Elizabeth-san.
KAGURA: Elizabeth was also run over by a mysterious old geezer.
GINTOKI: Really? There're so many mysterious old men around that no one's mysterious anymore.
GINTOKI: They're just ordinary old men!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Nazo means "mysterious." Thus Na-san.]
HASEGAWA: I really don't care.
GINTOKI: Huh? You trying to play cupid?
GINTOKI: An arrow shot by a cupid whose wife dumped him won't even pierce a tissue.
GINTOKI: It's like Pochy. Pochy.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Picky = Pochy]
HASEGAWA: You leave Hatsu out of this!
GINTOKI: Convincing a stubborn person like him is impossible. It's impossible.
ALL: Ah...
HASEGAWA: I had a series of misfortunes and was really depressed.
HASEGAWA: ...she gave me hope.
HASEGAWA: ...a good woman deserves to be happy.
KATSURA: So they're discharging you tomorrow...
KATSURA: you've got to check for cars even if it's a green light.
KATSURA: Just hitting the stone bridge before crossing isn't enough in this mad world.
KATSURA: You need to shoot it with a bazooka before crossing.
HASEGAWA: How about I give you a checkup?
KATSURA: Hands off me! I'm healthy. Where are you taking me?
KATSURA: I said I don't need it.
KATSURA: I don't have the time to worry about my own health.
KATSURA: Protecting the country is my only mission.
GINTOKI: How're you gonna take care of the country when you can't even look after yourself?
GINTOKI: This is a photo of your brain we just took.
KATSURA: I don't remember having that taken.
GINTOKI: Please look right here. Here.
KAGURA: No...
GINTOKI: You bastard! I told you to use a permanent marker.
KAGURA: We don't want the patients to know we're having an affair!
KATSURA: I'm leaving.
SHINPACHI: The ink was only to mark the troubled spot!
SHINPACHI: There's something terrible going on in your brain right now.
SHINPACHI: What's with that?
KATSURA: ...My head will go BOOM?
KATSURA: Stop clowning around.
 HASE: (M)Damn it! Did he find out?!
KATSURA: I can't fall ill when my country needs me! Please cure me!
 SHIN: (M)This guy's a moron...
HASEGAWA: D-Don't worry. You'll be okay if you just check into the hospital!
KATSURA: I don't have time to stay in a hospital.
KATSURA: I don't care if the treatment is harsh. Just quickly cure me.
GINTOKI: You're really something... It's not our fault if you die.
KAGURA: I don't what "that" is.
HASEGAWA: How do I know? You're the one who wants it!!
GINTOKI: Get inside the machine. Go!
KATSURA: Where's the machine?!
KATSURA: That can't be...
KAGURA: Just get inside.
[Box says: [Box says: Extra Stiff Adult Diapers]
GINTOKI: Let's do it! Beat him up so they'll keep him in the hospital!
KATSURA: Gintoki!
KATSURA: What are you doing in a place like this?
KATSURA: Have you guys gone mad?! I'll make you bite off your own heads!
UCHINO: Hasegawa-san!
UCHINO: What's the matter? What happened?
HASEGAWA: Uchino-san...You're still young...
HASEGAWA: You shouldn't give up so easily...
UCHINO: Hasegawa-san!
KATSURA: My health isn't just important to me. It's for the country.
KATSURA: I won't let you guys mess me up so easily...
HEAD NURSE: Hey!
KATSURA: ...Huh?
HEAD NURSE: What are you guys doing?!
HASEGAWA: Kill me! Kill me!
HASEGAWA: Kill me! Kill me!
GINTOKI: Why do we have to stay in the hospital longer?!
SHINPACHI: But that's all right. Something like this happens only once in a while.
SHINPACHI: I heard that Katsura-san was hospitalized after all.
SHINPACHI: Looks like the head nurse beat him to a pulp.
SHINPACHI: The rest is up to Uchino-san. There's nothing more we can do.
HASEGAWA: Speaking of that... It looks like Uchino-san has confessed.
HASEGAWA: All the patients are so excited! It's like their Uchee has a boyfriend.
GINTOKI: What?! You're kidding!!
HASEGAWA: She must have felt like she had to do something.
GINTOKI: Do you really think so?
GINTOKI: A totally useless old man... Maybe he gave her some courage?
HASEGAWA: Idiot...
HASEGAWA: There's no way a lady in love would notice a Madao.
GINTOKI: But I still can't believe... About Zura...
UCHINO: You see? Over there!
GINTOKI: It's so good to be young...
SHINPACHI: Who's that?
KAGURA: It's her boyfriend with the intense eyes who's from a different world.
GINTOKI: Here we go...
NURSE B: Why is she with that thing?
NURSE A: I was certain she liked the guy with the long hair.
NURSE A: Just like the man with sunglasses.
NURSE B: That's right.
NURSE B: Sounds perfect!
MATSUDAIRA: How about having lunch during lunch time?
MATSUDAIRA: [Spoof of scene from Sin City movie.]
SUB TITLE: ["Gin-san Has Turned Into An Invisible Man"]
GINTOKI: I feel awful. Am I still hung over from drinking sake last night? Here we go...
GINTOKI: Huh? Huh? What's this? I can't see myself! What does this mean? Eh?
GINTOKI: Invisible man? Did I turn into an invisible man?!
KAGURA: What? Gin-chan? You're too noisy this early in the morning... Huh?
GINTOKI: Even Kagura has turned invisible!
KAGURA: Invisible? Huh? I can't see myself? What's this? What's going on?
KAGURA: What?! An invisible man has appeared?
KAGURA: But an invisible man shouldn't be able to appear!
GINTOKI: Stop saying things like "Mii and Kay."
GINTOKI: [Note: Mii and Kay make up the PINK LADY duo band who's hit song was "Invisible Man."]
GINTOKI: a young man and girl naked under one roof is...
KAGURA: I'm not a little girl anymore.
GINTOKI: No! Where's your common sense?! Don't say something like that!
GINTOKI: Ow... Huh? I'm wearing my clothes.
GINTOKI: Even my clothes are invisible. What's really going on?
KAGURA: I'm completely naked.
GINTOKI: What?!
KAGURA: Just kidding.
GINTOKI: Don't make fun of adults!
GINTOKI: But I can't believe even Sadaharu is invisible.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: We have a problem!
SHINPACHI: Ouch...
SHINPACHI: Everyone in Edo has turned invisible.
KAGURA: I'm completely naked.
SHINPACHI: What?!
KAGURA: Just kidding.
KAGURA: Ouch!
KAGURA: Of course not!
SHINPACHI: Ow!
GINTOKI: the people watching us on TV can only see the background.
GINTOKI: What the hell is going on?!
ALL: Ah...
 Name:  Text
OPENING SONGCAPTION: [Kagura hasn't been feeling well lately. Her body feels heavy. She's sluggish and is having a hard time moving.]
GINTOKI: Huh? Your Health Insurance Card? Why? You need to go to the hospital?
KAGURA: I haven't been feeling well lately.
GINTOKI: Do you have a cold?
SHINPACHI: Oh? But she doesn't have a fever.
GINTOKI: She's not coughing either.
GINTOKI: Maybe it's the start of a cold. Do your joints hurt or anything?
KAGURA: Yeah. It hurts right around the elastic area of my pants.
SHINPACHI: That's scary. I think you should go to the hospital after all.
KAGURA: I-It's even hard to stand up.
KAGURA: No! I feel incomplete without this rice ball.
SHINPACHI: Okay.
KAGURA: I'm in pain...
GINTOKI: Hang in there.
SHINPACHI: What is it?
SHINPACHI: Isn't she kinda big?
GINTOKI: Isn't it kinda late for that?
KAGURA NARRATION: Really frightening changes don't suddenly happen.
KAGURA NARR.: The changes are so minute that you and those around you don't notice it right away.
KAGURA NARR.: It's already too late. The situation has gotten to a point of no return.
KAGURA NARR.: I wish I could jump around with everyone.
KAGURA: The tears kept flowing as I looked back on my younger days
KAGURA: when I ate and drank in excess.
KAGURA: in a battle fought in Purgatory.
KAGURA: I want to lose weight...easily...
OTAE: Leave it up to me.
OTAE: I recommend this diet.
OTAE: All you do is eat ice cream before every meal.
KAGURA: That is amazing.
OTAE: Isn't it?
KAGURA NARR.: That's when I learned there is no easy way to lose weight.
SACHAN: Looks like it's all over for you guys.
KAGURA: Huh?
SACHAN: I'm sure even Gin-san's arm would fall off.
OTAE: But don't worry  I'll be the one to make Gin-san happy...
PARTICIPANT A: I heard you can lose a ton of weight.
PARTICIPANT D: Did you lose weight?
PARTICIAPNT E: Five grams.
PARTICIPANT B: Okay then...
PARTICIPANT C: Let's work hard.
OTAE: I hear it's a famous fasting training facility.
SACHAN: I wonder how many of these people will survive? Who knows?
OTAE: I totally agree.
SACHAN: My stomach isn't like this because I gained weight...
SACHAN: Shall I tell you why?
KAGURA: Huh?
CATHERINE: You guys are here too?
CATHERINE: Obviously not!
OTOSE: We've been drinking so much with our customers at the
OTAE: Fasting at your age will put stress on your body.
OTOSE: Reconstructive surgery puts a lot more stress on the body!
SACHAN: Like I need to hear that from you.
SACHAN: She really was constipated!
OTAE: Kyu-chan.
KYUBEI: Tae-chan...
KAGURA: What's wrong with your stomach?
TOJO: Young Master!
NUN: Quiet!
NUN: Be quiet!
NUN: I hate people like you.
NUN: Indulging in your desires as you gorge on food.
NUN: ...is a reflection of your ugly soul!
NUN: Listen up! Your problem isn't your weight.
SACHAN: That nun looks like she has the least will power of all.
NUN: Your weak mind that can't even control your body or your lifestyle is the problem.
OTAE: Why is the head of the fasting dojo the fattest of us all?
NUN: If you're serious about changing then you must start by hating the person you are right now.
NUN: You start.
PARTICIPANT 1: Okay. You "beep."
NUN: Louder.
PARTICIPANT 1: You "beep"!
NUN: Good.
NUN: You're next.
PARTICIPANT 2: Okay.
NUN: Use more spit.
PARTICIPANT 2: Okay!
OTAE: Okay...
NUN: Why are you hesitating?
NUN: then you'll never be able to change...
OTAE: You "beep." Die...
NUN: Like hell you didn't.
OTAE: I missed. I'm sorry.
NUN: I'm gonna try this one more time.
SACHAN: You lewd "beep"!
SACHAN: Where? Where do you want me to hurt you?
SACHAN: I'm sorry.
NUN: What the hell are you here for anyway?
NUN: Here! Just spit here!
NUN: Aim right here. Okay? Can you do that?
NUN: Good. Then do it!
KAGURA: You "beep"!!
NUN: You went too far.
NUN: We will now start the actual fasting training.
NUN: but that doesn't mean you'll lose weight if you stop eating.
NUN: It's not as simple as that.
NUN: You have to burn fat to lose it.
NUN: you will do all the chores in this temple such as cleaning and laundry.
KYUBEI: One potato chip? That's ridiculous!
KYUBEI: She wants us to survive on one potato chip for seven days?
KAGURA: Are you kidding me?
KAGURA: Can you make mine lightly salted?
OTAE: You're missing the point.
NUN: Fine. You can have whatever flavor you want.
NUN: Whoever eats their potato chip during the week will be immediately expelled.
SACHAN: W-Wait just a minute.
SACHAN: Can you make mine soy sauce butter flavor?
OTAE: Never mind that right now!
OTAE: yet we're not allowed to eat it?
SACHAN: I see you've casually put in your flavor request.
OTAE: Then why are you giving it to us?
NUN: I said you can't eat your own potato chip.
KYUBEI: Could it be...this is a survival game?
SACHAN: By eating other people's chips and kicking them out of the game...
OTAE: That's how we're supposed to survive for a week?
CATHERINE: Fighting your friends over a chip...
OTOSE: And killing each other...
KAGURA: That's... That's unheard of...
NUN: Think of the chip as your life.
KYUBEI: Wait.
KYUBEI: I...
KYUBEI: I...
NUN: I see you're a bit of a maniac.
END OF PART AKAGURA NARR.: Today is the fifth day at the fasting dojo.
KAGURA NARR.: There were only six participants left.
MONK: Both your spirit and your stomach are sagging!
KAGURA NARR.: The six of us have fought the temptation of the potato chip and battled with hunger.
NUN: I said you can't eat your own potato chip.
KAGURA NARR.: That's what the nun said.
KAGURA NARR.: we must take someone's potato chip and eat it.
KAGURA NARR.: Apparently a strong bond is formed when people go through difficult times together.
CATHERINE: What kind of music do you listen to?
KAGURA: Enka.
KAGURA: [Note: Enka is traditional Japanese music.]
KAGURA NARR.: This was especially true for those who didn't get along before.
OTAE: You look kinda cute today.
KAGURA NARR.: It was the same principle as "Jaian" in the movies.
KAGURA NARR.: [Note: Refers to "The Truth behind Jaian looking like a nice guy in the movie version" back in Ep. 63.]
KAGURA NARR.: I needed a legitimate reason to break through this friendly atmosphere.
KAGURA NARR.: Self defense.
KAGURA NARR.: This is my plan.
KAGURA: That's mine!
KAGURA NARR.: That's when I defeat them!
KAGURA NARR.: And I'll eat their potato chip.
KAGURA NARR.: One wrong move and my potato chip could be eaten by another person.
KAGURA NARR: I cannot allow my eyes to leave the potato chip for even a second.
KAGURA: Ca-Catherine.
KAGURA: No way!
KAGURA: What's going on?
KAGURA: Who did this?
KAGURA: I've made a huge mistake.
KAGURA: My plan was based on the fact that the six of us had formed
KAGURA: a bond and therefore could not take action against each other.
KAGURA: But...
KAGURA: what if it was their choice not to take action rather than being unable to take action?
OTOSE: Hah!
KAGURA: Dammit! Even the injury was an act!
 CATH: (M)You immature greenhorn!
 OTOS: (M)We haven't aged for nothing.
CATHERINE: What?!
 OTOS: (M)These guys...with their controlled and calculated movements...
 CATH: (M)Don't tell me...
 OTOS: (M)It was a double trap from the start?
 OTOS: (M)and pretended to be shaken up by the whole thing?
 OTAE: (M)The most dangerous moment in hunting is the moment you've captured your prey.
OTAE: Kagura-chan! Take the potato chip to a safe place while we hold them down.
KYUBEI: We'll meet at the place we discussed earlier. We're counting on you!
KAGURA: Leave it to-
 KAGU: (M)This is...!
 KAGU: (M)Natto?
CATHERINE: You didn't think...
CATHERINE: ...that we wouldn't try to get a third person to join us too?
KYUBEI: Dammit.
 SACH: (M)You're slow! Kyubei Yagyu.
SACHAN: a ninja like me!
KYUBEI: Sorry.
KYUBEI: I always wear heavy weights on my body.
KYUBEI: Because of that...
KYUBEI: I didn't grow tall but...
OTOSE: Sh-She's skinny!!
CATHERINE: ...just padded with weights for training?
OTOSE: Then why on earth did she come to this fasting dojo?
 KYUB: (M)To stay with Tae-chan...
KYUBEI: You've all been completely fooled.
KYUBEI: It was all a disguise to deceive you.
SACHAN: Training your body at all times.
SACHAN: If it's body training...
SACHAN: Then I'm not about to lose to you.
OTOSE: Her glasses...
CATHERINE: Don't tell me those were weights too?
OTOSE: Th-That's ridiculous.
OTOSE: It's over!
CATHERINE: Where did you pick up garbage like that?
OTOSE: It's yours?
OTAE: has taken the banana and...
OTOSE: Spare us the psychoanalysis.
SACHAN: I'll stop the enemy's movements.
SACHAN: You get the potato chips back.
CATHERINE: Who the hell do you think you're talking to?
OTOSE: Put on your glasses!
OTOSE: Please! Aim at the enemy!
OTOSE: It's so sticky...so sticky...
KYUBEI: Damn...you...
KYUBEI: The potato chip!
SACHAN: Hand over the potato chip.
KAGURA: This is the worst!
OTAE: All the potato chips are here!
KAGURA: Damn it!
KYUBEI: I'm not gonna lose!
OTAE: The potato chips are mine!
SACHAN: I'm gonna be slim...have a beautiful body!
OTOSE: I'll show you a woman's pride!
KAGURA: Even I could see how bad my acting was.
KAGURA: My lightly salted potato chip isn't just any old lightly salted chip.
OTAE: Even I was impressed with my acting skills.
KYUBEI: I was really nervous people could see right through me.
OTOSE: I have a hell of a lot more experience than these young gals.
SACHAN: I wanted Gin-san to give me a good spanking.
CATHERINE: ...seaweed salt...seaweed salt.
KAGURA: Eat it if you want.
OTAE: In my sour cream and onion...
KYUBEI: In my Italian basil...
OTOSE: In my spicy hot...
SACHAN: In my soy sauce butter...
CATHERINE: In my seaweed salt...
ALL: ...is a powerful laxative!!
KAGURA: The fashionable Italian basil for me.
OTAE: Spicy hot for me.
KYUBEI: Soy sauce butter for me.
OTOSE: Seaweed salt for me.
SACHAN: Lightly salted for me.
CATHERINE: I'll try the sour cream and onion one.
ALL: The long awaited taste of potato chips... Chew it well...
ALL: Go to hell!
NUN: I tell you. This is the easiest business ever.
NUN: This fasting training camp or whatever you want to call it.
NUN: The money keeps rolling in.
NUN: So how did it go this time?
NUN: Huh? You serious?
NUN: Really? I guess where there's a will there's a way.
GINTOKI: The next episode...
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Sure was fast.
GINTOKI: I hate how the years go by faster as we get older.
GINTOKI: the years will pass at the speed of a Formula 1 car.
KAGURA: I've still got a long ways to go.
GINTOKI: My Ben Johnson is already up to here.
KAGURA: For real? Ben Johnson's gonna fall out?
KAGURA: [Note: Carl Lewis is a famous track and field athlete.]
KAGURA: I prefer Carl Lewis over Ben Johnson. He's cooler.
SHINPACHI: Hell no! It's still February! We still have eleven months left!
GINTOKI: ...Because this script was written in December.
KAGURA: That's right. Do you know how long it takes to make an anime?
GINTOKI: They really had a lot of ideas.
SHINPACHI: We don't need that kind of frank information.
GINTOKI: The people who will suffer later are us and the detectives at the site.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Cop TV shows. Older cops often say such a thing to youngsters.]
KAGURA: They don't understand anything.
GINTOKI: An anime isn't something that can be created in a meeting room.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of famous line from the Japanese film "Bayside Shakedown."]
SHINPACHI: Is it all right to say something that important at this point in the series?
GINTOKI: No problem.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Reborn the manga/anime.]
SHINPACHI: No way! Sounds like you're dreaming!
SHINPACHI: so how can we return to prime time? I really don't get what you're talking about!
KAGURA: I heard DVD sales are going pretty well.
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter.
GINTOKI: The production costs never increase.
SHINPACHI: And Gin-san please stop talking about money on the air.
GINTOKI: It's so confusing because they bleep out everything.
GINTOKI: stock up enough episodes and then restart.
SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Drags on?!
GINTOKI: it always encounters the same problem.
GINTOKI: so the anime will eventually catch up to the manga.
GINTOKI: our predecessors took various measures to make their shows dragged on.
GINTOKI: The first way is to look back at the last episode.
GINTOKI: an all-knowing old man appears.
GINTOKI: and replays old scenes for a long time.
GINTOKI: the main characters never throw a punch at each other during the 30-minute show.
SHINPACHI: But GinTama isn't a battle manga. So we can't use that either.
GINTOKI: That would be...
SHINPACHI: That would be...?
GINTOKI: That would be...
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [The GinTama anime has amazingly entered its third year! Is it really okay to continue the show?]
 KILL: (M)that an excellent strategist who emerges victorious from a fight...
 KILL: (M)is nothing more than a big coward.
 KILL: (M)A cowardly man who is frightened by an unexpected situation...
 KILL: (M)and thus takes all possible precautions.
 KILL: (M)And he never starts a fight until the conditions are set up in his favor.
 KILL: (M)You can't win a fight by being cowardly.
 KILL: (M)There is one more thing you need to win a fight.
 KILL: (M)It's the bravery soldiers who charge a huge army have.
 KILL: (M)have to be a cowardly strategist as well as a brave soldier.
 KILL: (M)What a hardship.
 KILL: (M)I always make elaborate plans and hide in a very safe place...
 KILL: (M)Cowardly and dull.
 KILL: (M)You're like...
 KILL: (M)What an easygoing name.
 KILL: (M)Who would imagine that I'm the best assassin in Edo?
 KILL: (M)I'm just the biggest coward in Edo.
 KILL: (M)The reason why I am so good at handling a dangerous weapon is
 KILL: (M)that I have neither the power nor the courage to beat my target to death barehanded.
 KILL: (M)And the reason why I never miss my target is that I'm afraid he'll
 KILL: (M)come back and take revenge.
 KILL: (M)The reason why I murder anyone for money is because I worry about retirement.
 KILL: (M)The target comes to the park on Sunday afternoons to walk his dog.
 KILL: (M)and that's enough for me.
 KILL: (M)All I have to do is wait for my hands to stop shaking.
 KILL: (M)And wait for my confidence to come out of its shell.
 KILL: (M)But...
 KILL: (M)...my hands won't stop shaking.
 KILL: (M)The man who appears before me isn't a cowardly strategist...
 KILL: (M)What's with this man?
 KILL: (M)Is he looking at me? Why is he looking at me?
 KILL: (M)It can't be that he knows I'm here...
 KILL: (M)No way.
 KILL: (M)The distance between the park and this spot is more than one hundred meters.
 KILL: (M)the muzzle of my gun should look no bigger than the eye of a needle.
 KILL: (M)No...
 KILL: (M)...he's looking! That man is definitely looking at me!
 KILL: (M)Kamekichi seems to have noticed there's something wrong
 KILL: (M)as I hear him moving around in the water tank behind me.
 KILL: (M)until I could carry out this assassination.
 KILL: (M)I had many opportunities to get my target.
 KILL: (M)was to make sure my target is completely eliminated.
 KILL: (M)And above all I wanted to ensure my own safety.
 KILL: (M)Information leaks are impossible.
 KILL: (M)I didn't contact anyone and literally waited with bated breath in my shell.
 KILL: (M)And yet...
 KILL: (M)Why was there a leak?!
 KILL: (M)That man...must have figured out Matsudaira's assassination plan!
 KILL: (M)That man's piercing eyes won't let me.
 KILL: (M)My instincts sense a danger stronger than any I've felt before. This is really bad.
 KILL: (M)He's not an underling of Matsudaira's.
 KILL: (M)Those eyes are the eyes of a beast...in search of blood and on the hunt for souls.
 KILL: (M)If I break eye contact for even an instant...
 KILL: (M)He's smiling! In this situation... I'm pointing a gun and he's smiling?! What a man!
 KILL: (M)Provocation! He's provoking me. He seems to want to fight me one-on-one.
 KILL: (M)He must have some terrible hidden weapon.
 KILL: (M)I unconsciously pulled the trigger.
 KILL: (M)It was my instincts from being a killer for so many years.
 KILL: (M)is so strong that my body reacts instinctively before my brain can process it.
 KILL: (M)I hear Kamekichi making noise in the water tank behind me.
 KILL: (M)A nosebleed?!
 KILL: (M)He has just a nosebleed after being shot?
 KILL: (M)Impossible! It was a rifle! He has a nosebleed after being shot by a rifle?
 KILL: (M)It's not like a dodge ball game in elementary school.
 KILL: (M)Bullets don't work against him! It's unbelievable. What a guy!
 KILL: (M)I have to find a way to escape!
 KILL: (M)That's...a cop!
 KILL: (M)Impossible!
WOMAN A: This is the person who was staring at me.
 KILL: (M)When did he call in reinforcements?
 KILL: (M)He didn't show any signs of contacting them at all.
 KILL: (M)I wonder how he could do that...
 KILL: (M)What a guy!
 KILL: (M)Don't tell me he used his own nosebleed to call in reinforcements!
COPPER: That's enough. Come with us to the station.
GINTOKI: {\i1}What? Why?!
 KILL: (M)That's it! He's giving them some kind of order!
HASEGAWA: Excuse me. It's the Oedo Newspaper.
HASEGAWA: Are you subscribing to any newspapers?
 KILL: (M)How stupid!
HASEGAWA: Excuse me!
 KILL: (M)They are not from the newspaper!
 KILL: (M)This is... Does this mean my room is already surrounded by the enemy?!
 KILL: (M)because he isn't making any sounds in the tank behind me.
 KILL: (M)The balcony!
 KILL: (M)No...
 KILL: (M)...Impossible! Wh-Why are there so many people here?!
 KILL: (M)All of a sudden... What the hell is going on?!
 KILL: (M)How could he gather so many people?!
 KILL: (M)Everyone looks so hostile and is staring at me!
WOMEN B: Let me die!
 KILL: (M)Don't be stupid? You're telling me not to do anything "stupid"?
GINTOKI: Do you want to die?! Don't move!
GINTOKI: I'll come right over! Wait for me!
 KILL: (M)but he was crying in the water tank behind me...
 KILL: (M)Huh? Is he crying?
 KILL: (M)He's crying! Eggs!
 KILL: (M)[Note: Kamekichi is a male name.]
 KILL: (M)No... An assassin has no right to choose how he dies.
 KILL: (M)Then I shouldn't die. I'll live forever.
 KILL: (M)I've taken so many lives so timidly until now...
 KILL: (M)to the building on the other side!
 KILL: (M)My shaking stopped before I knew it.
 KILL: (M)We're almost there!
 KILL: (M)Almost...
WOMAN C: She's been saved! Great! It's a miracle!
WOMAN C: I've never seen someone as brave as him!
WOMAN D: Come on!
MATSUDAIRA: Well...
MATSUDAIRA: we present to you this certificate of appreciation and a gift.
MATSUDAIRA: You did a great job.
 KILL: (M)Whatever...
ENDING CREDITGINTOKI: The next episode... "Even A Hero Has Issues." Duwa!
ENDING CREDITGINTOKI: [Note: "Duwa" is a spoof of how Ultraman always says "Shuwa" or "Shuwatch" before flying off.]
KAGURA: Today's GinTama has ended.
SHINPACHI: It's not finished yet! There's still five minutes left!
GINTOKI: In a situation like this...
SHINPACHI: What's with the "reading comments from viewers"?!
SHINPACHI: It's like it's not an anime show anymore!
GINTOKI: Is there anyone amongst the three who can cook decent food?"
GINTOKI: he must of course be able to cook fairly well to survive.
GINTOKI: I'm like the "Iron Chef."
GINTOKI: And Kagura usually makes raw eggs on rice or rice with toppings.
SHINPACHI: That's like a meaningless question.
KAGURA: [Note: Chazuke is hot green tea poured over toppings on rice.]
GINTOKI: He holds his back very straight. Kosuke-san is really something.
SHINPACHI: I don't get it! Who's Kosuke-san anyway?!
SHINPACHI: I don't know what you're talking about.
KAGURA: Shinpachi is only strong at saying the punch line.
KAGURA: He's basically a hopeless four-eyes.
KAGURA: We're really scraping bottom.
KAGURA: It's much better than dragging it on through the BLEEP and BLEEP.
SHINPACHI: That's not the title!
SHINPACHI: I wonder if tonight's show was all right.
GINTOKI: Really? Is it still on?
 Name:  Text
SPACEWOMAN: ...Yeah...yeah...I know that.
SPACEWOMAN: Thank you. That's right.
SPACEWOMAN: I'll talk to you later.
SPACEWOMAN: Duwa!
SPACEWOMAN: [Note: "Duwa" is a spoof of how Ultraman always says "Shuwa."]
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [February 14th is national Valentine's day!! I heard it's the day bishop Valentine was executed...]
KAGURA: Valentine's Day?
GINTOKI: Valentine's Day is when a woman gives chocolates to a man to express her feelings for him.
POLICEMAN: All right.
POLICEMAN: Breathe into this!
SPACEWOMAN: What will I do when the monsters appear?
SPACEWOMAN: Yes...
SPACEWOMAN: I'm sorry! I caused you a lot of trouble.
SHINPACHI: [Note: Shinpachi is posing like Ultraman.]
SHINPACHI: Ah... I see.
SPACEWOMAN: I'm doing it as the so-called Spacewoman.
SPACEWOMAN: [Note: Parody of Ultraman.]
SHINPACHI: Business trip? Your job has business trips?!
SPACEWOMAN: You see I am in charge of a much larger area.
SPACEWOMAN: I work day and night to keep peace in the universe.
SHINPACHI: It sounds amazing. Your work area is huge.
Mon & Tue: [Weekly schedule]\N[Mon & Tue: Housekeeping]
Wed  Thus  Fri: [Weekly schedule]\N[Mon & Tue: Housekeeping]\N[Wed  Thus  Fri: Patrol around the house]
Sat & Sun: [Weekly schedule]\N[Mon & Tue: Housekeeping]\N[Wed  Thus  Fri: Patrol around the house]\N[Sat & Sun: Off]
SPACEWOMAN: I have a five-day workweek.
SHINPACHI: Hey! You're just protecting your own home then!
SHINPACHI: Do your best for what?
SPACEWOMAN: I see. I made the mistake of drinking to help me get over my nervousness.
SHINPACHI: Nervousness... Were you planning on giving this chocolate to somebody?
GINTOKI: I have similar duties. I'm like a hero who protects Edo. Sort of!
SPACEWOMAN: That's sort of a lie! And you're trying to look cool by eating the chocolate.
SPACEWOMAN: The chocolate is the problem!
GINTOKI: Shut up! She's the heroine who ensures peace in the universe.
GINTOKI: She must have a lot of money. This woman could be a real sucker.
SHINPACHI: How can you say something like that about a helpless heroine?
SHINPACHI: You're the root of all evil.
SHINPACHI: Ah!
SPACEWOMAN: Something that looks like a timer is blinking!
SPACEWOMAN: ...I feel like I've been sucked into the wild urban jungle of the big city.
SPACEWOMAN: I'd feel like I'm losing my roots.
SHINPACHI: How badly do you want to go home?!
SHINPACHI: Every three minutes? What kind of life does her mom have?
SHINPACHI: She's always standing by?
SPACEWOMAN: Enough already! I'm ensuring peace in the universe!
SHINPACHI: It looks like she hung up in a huff.
GINTOKI: Why do we have to hear about this superwoman's family quarrels?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What's that?
SHINPACHI: Woman-san! That monster is...!
KAGURA: Supe-chan! Did you come to Earth to defeat him?
GINTOKI: Huh?
SPACEWOMAN: I'm going to be 37 years old this year.
SPACEWOMAN: I passed the marriageable age a long time ago and am a so-called loser.
SPACEWOMAN: I had become an old woman.
SPACEWOMAN: That's my problem.
SPACEWOMAN: Because I was too busy protecting the peace in the universe!
SPACEWOMAN: I've hardly ever been in love.
SPACEWOMAN: I've been deceived by bad guys...
SPACEWOMAN: Duwa!
SPACEWOMAN: But then I saw him!
SPACEWOMAN: he had a warm smile that I'd never seen before. Then I thought...
SPACEWOMAN: My Vanadium Ray can't be used to destroy other people's happiness.
SPACEWOMAN: [Note: Vanadium Ray is a parody of Specium Ray from Ultraman.]
GINTOKI: What kind of heroine are you? You're just a plain office lady!
SPACEWOMAN: I was really lonely. I just wanted someone to talk to.
SPACEWOMAN: That's why I was with that kind of guy.
GINTOKI: Why monsters?!
GINTOKI: What kind of skills?!
SPACEWOMAN: he devoted himself to conquering space and passed the marriageable age.
SPACEWOMAN: I felt he would understand me.
SPACEWOMAN: I felt he would accept me.
SPACEWOMAN: Right... He...
SPACEWOMAN: Monster Shogun Colonel Cherry!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Huh?
SHINPACHI: That guy?
SHINPACHI: What?!
SHINPACHI: I thought you were fighting for the sake of protecting peace in the universe!
SPACEWOMAN: Finally the time has come. Now is my only chance to declare my love.
SHINPACHI: Hey! This woman is only thinking about marriageable age issues!
SHINPACHI: That kind of universal peace is just disgusting!
CHERRY B: Causing couples who are excited about Valentine's Day to break up...
CHERRY A: Causing the birthrate decline...
CHERRY B: Causing the population decline...
CHERRY A: And on and on... And my plans for taking over the universe...
CHERRY B: You dare disturb me?
SPACEWOMAN: Colonel Cherry. You're wrong. Today... Um... Well...
SHINPACHI: What's the matter?! He's the enemy!
SPACEWOMAN: To tell you the truth... I've never made any love declarations before.
KAGURA: You must've overcome all your hardships.
SPACEWOMAN: I always gave my body and heart to men whenever they wanted.
SPACEWOMAN: I was a convenient woman.
SPACEWOMAN: That's me.
GINTOKI: Hey! You're talking about a totally different subject!
SPACEWOMAN: A person like me... Now...
SPACEWOMAN: It's too late...
SPACEWOMAN: For me to bring out courage like that of a high school girl...
SPACEWOMAN: ...no way.
SHINPACHI: Whoa! This is bad! Woman-san!
CHERRY: Take this!
BOSS: Wait!
BOSS: Duwa!
BOSS: Deden...
CHERRY: Hmm... A rookie?
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Ouch!
BOSS: Spacewoman...
SPACEWOMAN: Hiroshi-san...
SHINPACHI: Eh...
BOSS: I've separated with my wife!\NCome back to me!
BOSS: I love only you!
SHINPACHI: What?!
SHINPACHI: You're the boss she was talking about?!
SHINPACHI: We thought you came here to defeat the monster!
SPACEWOMAN: It's too late now! I can't believe what you just said!
BOSS: Please! Let's start over again! And let's open a ranch in Argentina!
BOSS: [Note: Spoof of the musical movie "Down Argentine Way."]
SPACEWOMAN: Stop it!
BOSS: Duwa...
SPACEWOMAN: Duwa...
BOSS: ...You really hate me...
SHINPACHI: What kind of atmosphere is this? It looks like another opponent has arrived.
GINTOKI: I don't get it. What kind of lovers' spat is this?
 SPAC: (M)I don't hate him... Rather... My heart is trembling...
 SPAC: (M)Why is it so weak...my heart?!
SPACEMOM: ...He won't last two years.
SPACEMOM: So...at the very least. I hope he can see his grandchild.
SPACEWOMAN: Mom...
SPACEDAD: Akiko...
SPACEWOMAN: Dad!
SPACEDAD: Even if your mom says something like that...don't worry about it.
SPACEDAD: But...my last wish is to see...my daughter's...
SPACEDAD: ...happiness as a woman...
SPACEWOMAN: Dad...
SPACEDAD: I hope you'll be able to be happy...Akiko.
 SPAC: (M)But...my heart now...
 SPAC: (M)I don't know what I should do...
 SPAC: (M)I've been fighting to protect peace in the universe.
 SPAC: (M)That was for the sake of people's happiness... But...
SPACEWOMAN: Duwa!
 SPAC: (M)...I don't know how to fight for my own happiness.
GINTOKI: What are you saying?!
GINTOKI: they don't know how to find happiness.
GINTOKI: Even with Goku getting married and having kids...
GINTOKI: [Note: Goku is the main character of Dragon Ball.]
SPACEWOMAN: Hiroshi-san.
SPACEWOMAN: I'm really happy to hear your declaration of love.
BOSS: Spacewoman...
SPACEWOMAN: However...!
BOSS: Duwa?!
SPACEWOMAN: You're in the past! You're an enemy to my future happiness!
SPACEWOMAN: Derya!
SHINPACHI: That was way too harsh on your Boss!
GINTOKI: That's you being just "a bit selfish"?! That was way overboard!
SPACEWOMAN: Duwa!
SHINPACHI/GINTOKI: I'm sorry for saying such a bold thing!
CHERRY B: I wouldn't know what to do if you two conspired against me!
CHERRY A: But I'm saved!
CHERRY B: I'm really saved!
KAGURA: Why are you saying that with such confidence?!
SPACEWOMAN: Co-Colonel Cherry... A-Actually...
CHERRY A: What? You look like you've frozen up!
CHERRY B: Am I too frightening an opponent for you?
CHERRY AB: Huh? What's this?!
CHERRY B: Why won't you talk to me?!
CHERRY: If you don't fight me...
CHERRY: Take this!
SPACEWOMAN: Please...be gentle.
CHERRY A: What's wrong with you?!
CHERRY AB: You've been acting so disgusting!
WOMAN B: A guy like that...hurry up and beat him!
GIRL: Huh? That girl has been blushing for a while.
GIRL: What?! Could it be that she likes him?
CHERRY B: There's no way!
CHERRY A: Stop joking! Shut up!
CHERRY: Tsk.
 PAKO (GINT: (GINTOKI)Come with us to the back of the school.
 GURAKO (K: (KAGURA)Spacewoman-san has something to say to you.
CHERRY: Wh-What?! I'm not going.
CHERRY: I have to go to club activities and my friends are waiting for me.
CHERRY: It's none of your business! What?! I didn't get anything like that!
 PAKO (GINT: (GINTOKI)Well!
CHERRY: Ah! Hey!
 PAKO (GINT: (GINTOKI)That's great! Maybe you'll get one today!
CHERRY: Wait...
 PACHIE (SHIN: (SHINPACHI)Cherry-kun.
 PACHIE (SHIN: (SHINPACHI)...the best Valentine's Day ever!
CHERRY: Gee.
CHERRY: Damn it. Where did they go?
CHERRY: S-Spacewoman...
SPACEWOMAN/CHERRY: Well... Ah...
CHERRY: ...What? You go first.
GIRL B: Please use my chocolate!
GIRL D: And mine!
CHERRY AB: Wh-What are you girls doing?!
SPACEWOMAN: Cherry-kun...
SPACEWOMAN: Will you accept my heart?
CHERRY: ...Spacewoman...
SPACEWOMAN: Cherry-kun...
CHERRY B: It's like...
CHERRY A: ...embarrassing.
CHERRY AB: You doing something like this to me...
SPACEWOMAN: Deyaa!
HASEGAWA: Kill me! Kill me!
HASEGAWA: {\an4}[Note: Rondo is music used for a circular dance.]
HASEGAWA: Please finish me now!
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Hm? Something's not right.
GINTOKI: Huh? Huh? What?
GINTOKI: What the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: I'm all white! I'm not colored in.
KAGURA: What is it? Why are you making so much noise in the morning?
GINTOKI: Now why on earth would I be in the Sankai Juku dance troupe?
KAGURA: What's going on?
GINTOKI: That's what I wanna know.
KAGURA: Huh? I feel so disjointed.
GINTOKI: I know. It's just not smooth.
KAGURA: What's this number floating in the air?
GINTOKI: I don't know. All I know is that something terrifying is happening.
KAGURA: Ah...
SHINPACHI: Good morning.
SHINPACHI: I know that.
KAGURA  GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: You know?
KAGURA: Why is this happening?
SHINPACHI: It's all that guy's fault.
KAGURA  GINTOKI: That guy?
SHINPACHI: This is "line photography."
GINTOKI: Line photography?
KAGURA: What is that?
SHINPACHI: In-between animation is interspersed throughout.
SHINPACHI: Color is added and then the background.
SHINPACHI: This is the process it goes through before photography.
SHINPACHI: These are archives.
SHINPACHI: They have no choice but to photograph the line drawings from the original pictures.
KAGURA: So you're telling me it'll be all white till the end?
SHINPACHI: No. We have three people working on this week's storyboard.
GINTOKI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: The animation director has yet to correct the key animations.
KAGURA: You look weird!
KAGURA: You can't tell who's who anymore.
GINTOKI: Dammit. Who's responsible for this?
GINTOKI: Who's the one who lost the schedule so the storyboard was late?
SHINPACHI: It was the director himself!
HATSU: Hello.
HATSU: How unusual for you to call me.
HATSU: Are you eating well?
HATSU: I know. You're a full-fledged adult. That's why you need to eat properly.
HATSU: So? What happened?
HASEGAWA: Huh?
HASEGAWA: ...found a job.
HATSU: Really? Congratulations!
HATSU: Really? That's wonderful.
HASEGAWA: Never mind that. It's not like this is my first job or anything.
HATSU: That's okay. Let me treat you.
HASEGAWA: Hatsu... Um...
HAGA: Hatsu-san.
HAGA: Are you enjoying the night view?
GINTOKI: Huh? A man?
HASEGAWA: I'm pretty sure it was a man's voice.
HASEGAWA: What's going on? Is that guy more important than me?
HASEGAWA: That's adultery. Adultery!
GINTOKI: Adultery? But weren't you two divorced a long time ago?
HASEGAWA: Don't be disrespectful! We've just been separated.
GINTOKI: You want me to investigate an extramarital affair?
HASEGAWA: I'll pay you well.
GINTOKI: No longer just a freelancer?
HASEGAWA: Don't be rude.
GINTOKI: You sure all their workers don't wear sunglasses and sell white powder?
HASEGAWA: How did you know? They also sell something called "chaka."
HASEGAWA: [Note: Chaka is gangster slang for "gun."]
GINTOKI: I think you should quit.
HASEGAWA: Don't worry about it.
GINTOKI: Shy guys don't wear such embarrassingly short pants.
HASEGAWA: Shut up. Hatsu bought me this suit when I first got a job.
GINTOKI: you'll fail at your new job again and screw up any chance of getting back together with her.
HASEGAWA: ...Thanks.
GINTOKI: Don't screw it up now.
HASEGAWA: Huh?
WOMAN A: Pervert!
WOMAN B: It's the Kinniku Buster! Kinniku Buster!
WOMAN B: [Note: Kinnikuman's trademark attack and one of 48 killer moves. From Ultimate Muscle.]
HASEGAWA: Did you bring me a rope?
GINTOKI: ...Here take this.
HASEGAWA: Is she guilty or not?
GINTOKI: Something good is bound to happen if you're alive.
HASEGAWA: Is she guilty or not?
GINTOKI: Tomorrow is another day.
GINTOKI: Hey? Did you get a haircut?
HASEGAWA: Kill me! Just kill me!
HASEGAWA: I'm sure you guys suspect me of performing lewd sex acts.
HASEGAWA: Total strangers like you guys would never believe
GINTOKI: You idiot!
GUARD: What the hell are you doing?
GINTOKI: then I wouldn't give a damn which slammer you're in...
GINTOKI: ...or if you're dead!
GINTOKI: If I thought of you as a total stranger...
GINTOKI: ...then I wouldn't borrow or lend you this!
HASEGAWA: You totally suspect me!
HASEGAWA: That's not the face of trust.
GINTOKI: You're wrong. Girls this age are sensitive to stuff like that.
HASEGAWA: I just don't care what happens anymore.
GINTOKI: Isn't there anything we can do?
SHINPACHI: Hasegawa-san!
HASEGAWA: I'm kidding.
HAGA: There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
HASEGAWA: Who are you?
SHINPACHI: Prosecutor Haga.
SHINPACHI: The remarkable prosecutor who has convicted many criminals in examinations.
KAGURA: degraded himself into a sex offender he won't be able to compete with him at all.
KAGURA: ...doesn't even seem to have any guts.
KAGURA: He's become a real Madao now.
HASEGAWA: What is this?
HAGA: It's exactly what you see...divorce papers for you and Hatsu-san.
HASEGAWA: What?
HAGA: You have no right to complain.
HAGA: I hear you've been separated and practically divorced.
HAGA: Please put your seal on this?
HASEGAWA: You gotta be kidding me.
HAGA: You're no longer related to Hatsu-san either.
HAGA: Or were you planning on reconciling with her?
HAGA: And if you don't...
HAGA: [Note: Seppuku is a form of Japanese ritual suicide by disembowelment.]
HAGA: but instead you chose to run away.
BOSS: Commit seppuku.
HASEGAWA: Are you serious?
HAGA: What will happen if I mention this during the questioning?
HATSU: Thank you for always taking care of Taizo Hasegawa.
END OF PART AHASEGAWA: Why...
HASEGAWA: Why am I always like this?
HASEGAWA: ...at full speed.
HASEGAWA: It's Heidi. Heidi lives inside of me.
HASEGAWA: [Note: Refers to the TV animation version of Heidi.]
HASEGAWA: even though they're only buds.
PETER HASEGAWA: Heidi! It's too early. They haven't blossomed yet.
PETER HASEGAWA: [Note: He looks like Peter from the TV animation version of Heidi.]
HASEGAWA: I tried to stop Heidi many times. But she would never listen to
HASEGAWA: what Peter says.
HASEGAWA: The only way to put an end to her acts of violence
HASEGAWA: was to throw myself and her into the ravine of the Alps.
HEIDI: Peter! No! I don't want to leave the mountains!
HASEGAWA: You must die!
HASEGAWA: That's all I've been thinking about the last few days.
GUARD: You've got a visitor.
HASEGAWA: He offered me a deal. That bastard prosecutor who's going out with Hatsu.
HASEGAWA: He told me to put my seal on the divorce papers.
HASEGAWA: I'm planning on putting my seal on it.
HASEGAWA: I don't want to stand in Hatsu's way
HASEGAWA: if she's trying to leave her hopeless husband and start a new life.
HASEGAWA: I...
GINTOKI: Your wife came to see me.
GINTOKI: She couldn't get in touch with you so she came to see me.
GINTOKI: She wanted to wish you good luck on your new job.
GINTOKI: And she asked me to give you this.
HASEGAWA: Th-This is...
GINTOKI: I don't know. But I haven't told her anything.
HEIDI: Peter!
HASEGAWA: Heidi!
HEIDI: That's perfect for you.
HEIDI: Joseph!!
HEIDI: [Note: Hasegawa is dressed up as Joseph from the TV animation version of Heidi.]
HASEGAWA: You're right. I may be a doggone loser...
HASEGAWA: But!
HASEGAWA: Even if I'm a worthless mutt...
HASEGAWA: I'm the mutt who goes to see Rubens' painting before I die!!
HASEGAWA: [From the story "A Dog of Flanders"; a novel and anime about the boy Nello and his dog Patrasche. Nello and Patrasche freeze to death as they go to see Rubens' painting.]
HASEGAWA: I gotta fight.
HASEGAWA: a Madao!
MAGISTRATE: We will now start the trial for the Oedo Line Kinniku Buster molestation case.
MAGISTRATE: You must swear on this document
MAGISTRATE: that any testimony you give here is true.
HASEGAWA: Hatsu...I will protect Hatsu!
MAGISTRATE: Hang on a second.
GUARD: Well...he's not here yet.
GINTOKI: so I'm his replacement.
HASEGAWA: Gin-san?!
GINTOKI: Here? Do I sit here?
INSPECTOR: Take your shoes off. Your shoes.
HASEGAWA: Why...?
HASEGAWA: So you're gonna help me fight?
HASEGAWA: You and me together?
HASEGAWA: But can an amateur defend me?
MAGISTRATE: We will now start the trial.
CLOSING SONGPREVIEWHAGA: on the platform at Kabukicho station and dragged her down into the railway.
CLOSING SONGPREVIEWHAGA: He is suspected of performing a Kinniku Buster in front of everyone.
GINTOKI: Objection!
 Name:  Text
HAGA: Hatsu-san...
WOMAN A: Pervert!
WOMAN B: It's the Kinniku Buster! Kinniku Buster!
WOMAN B: [Note: Kinnikuman's trademark attack and one of 48 killer moves. From Ultimate Muscle.]
HAGA: I will be the prosecutor in the court of law where you will be tried in two days.
HAGA: My name is Haga.
HEIDI: Peter!
HASEGAWA: Heidi!
MAGISTRATE: We will now start the trial for the Edo Line Kinniku Buster molestation case.
HASEGAWA: Gin-san?
MAGISTRATE: We will now start the trial.
HAGA: and dragged her down into the railway.
HAGA: He is suspected of performing a Kinniku Buster in front of everyone.
HAGA: This is clearly an act of molestation and assault.
HAGA: Many people on the platform witnessed the defendant's actions.
GINTOKI: Objection!
GINTOKI: It is true that the defendant performed a Kinniku Buster on the victim.
GINTOKI: However whether he did this with the intent to molest
GINTOKI: is still questionable.
GINTOKI: There is a strong possibility that this incident was an accident.
HASEGAWA: Gin-san!
HASEGAWA: He's laying into him.
HAGA: Accidentally?
HAGA: Do you seriously think a complicated move like the Kinniku Buster
HAGA: can be performed accidentally?
HAGA: had to work to come up with that move.
GINTOKI: Objection!
GINTOKI: The Kinniku Buster was used by Kinnikuman to destroy the evil super humans.
GINTOKI: I cannot imagine that Kinnikuman had perverted intentions
GINTOKI: when using this move against the giant super humans.
GINTOKI: The move performed by the defendant is not the Kinniku Buster.
GINTOKI: should be the Hasegawa Buster.
HAGA: Objection!
GINTOKI: Objection!
GINTOKI: The Kinniku Buster is one of 48 deadly moves that Prince Kamehame taught Kinnikuman.
GINTOKI: Kinnikuman was not the one who came up with it.
MAGISTRATE: I will allow the objection.
HAGA: Damn.
HASEGAWA: A-Amazing!
HASEGAWA: yet he managed to win against a professional.
HASEGAWA: As expected from a guy who can talk himself out of anything!
HASEGAWA: He may be able to get the job done for me.
GINTOKI: Your honor.
GINTOKI: He must have had unshakeable evidence for him to say a killer move
GINTOKI: taught by Prince Kamehame was used for molestation.
GINTOKI: I ask Prosecutor Haga to show us the evidence.
HASEGAWA: Go! Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Hm? What's wrong?
GINTOKI: Don't tell me you came to this conclusion without any evidence?
HAGA: we found these.
HASEGAWA: Yikes...
HASEGAWA: [Note: Book Off is a popular Japanese used books chain that buys books from its customers and resells.]
HASEGAWA: I should have sold'em to Book Off a long time ago!
HEIDI: Joseph!
HEIDI: Joseph... How dare you kick me into the ravine.
HASEGAWA: Heidi...
HASEGAWA: Heidi came back from the depths of hell!
HEIDI: You can join me too. Joseph!
HASEGAWA: Gin-san! Hurry... Hurry and do something.
HAGA: He had about thirty of them.
HAGA: I think you can now see the defendant's abnormal obsession with sex.
HASEGAWA: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Objection! These items presented by Prosecutor Haga are insufficient as evidence.
GINTOKI: Allow me to check what's on the disc.
HASEGAWA: You just wanna watch them!
MAGISTRATE: Objection overruled.
HASEGAWA: You just wanna watch them too?!
HASEGAWA: What's going on? What the hell...?
GINTOKI: Objection!
HASEGAWA: Who are you objecting to?
HASEGAWA: What kind of objection is this?!
HAGA: Objection! This is completely senseless.
MAGISTRATE: Objection overruled.
HASEGAWA: Your honor!!
HASEGAWA: Hurry up or Heidi will...!
HEIDI: Die!
HEIDI: Grandpa!
HASEGAWA: Even the old man's trying to drop me into the ravine.
HASEGAWA: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Why of course.
MAGISTRATE: The defendant's collection is not enough to be treated as evidence.
HEIDI: You geezer...bastard!
HASEGAWA: Heidi!
GINTOKI: Prosecutor Haga...
GINTOKI: It looks like you've determined the defendant's guilt without any substantial evidence.
HAGA: Hold on.
GINTOKI: Objection!
MAGISTRATE: Objection overruled.
HAGA: Please take a look at the previous GinTama episode.
HAGA: There's a man looking in on a girl changing.
HASEGAWA: That's against the rules!
HAGA: was questioned by police on charges of peeping into a girl's room while she was changing.
HAGA: but can someone like that be qualified to defend the molestation charges of his client?
AUDIENCE B: A pair of perverts! Throw both of them in the slammer!
MAGISTRATE: Silence!
HASEGAWA: Haga! What an asshole!
HASEGAWA: So this is the power of a true professional prosecutor.
HASEGAWA: How can we win against this?
HASEGAWA: We don't have a chance in hell!
HEIDI: [Note: Yuki is a goat from the anime version of Heidi. Gintoki is dressed up as him.]
HASEGAWA: Huh? What?
HASEGAWA: Heidi!!
HEIDI: Come here...
GINTOKI: O...Objection!
GINTOKI: What happened to me has nothing to do with this case.
HAGA: Objection! It has everything to do with this.
GINTOKI: I'm gonna kill you!!
HAGA: Your honor! Did you hear that?
GINTOKI: Damn.
HASEGAWA: What are you saying?
GINTOKI: O-Objection! I made a mistake.
GINTOKI: That was a slip of the tongue.
HASEGAWA: Come on! So you really believe I committed a lewd act?!
HASEGAWA: Don't give me that.
HAGA: The verdict is in.
MAGISTRATE: Hm...
HASEGAWA: Just a minute!
HASEGAWA: then will the prosecutor's mistake determine my innocence?
HASEGAWA: Prosecutor Haga's secret!!
HASEGAWA: Prosecutor Haga and my wife...
HASEGAWA: He's in a relationship with my separated wife.
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san...
HASEGAWA: It's okay...
HASEGAWA: If I can win by humiliating myself...
HAGA: It's true.
HAGA: But only up to the part where he said I have a relationship with his wife.
HAGA: It's not true that I offered him an unlawful deal.
HASEGAWA: What are you saying?
HAGA: Do you have proof?
HAGA: Proof that an unlawful deal was made between you and me.
GINTOKI: Objection!
HAGA: But the same can be said for the defendant...
HAGA: That picture can serve as evidence that the defendant acted on personal reasons.
HAGA: It can be argued that he made up unfounded lies...
HAGA: from a grudge held against the prosecutor for stealing his wife.
HAGA: Not only that.
HEIDI: I found you!!
HAGA: And so he fulfilled himself by committing lewd sexual acts.
HAGA: Doesn't this prove that?
HASEGAWA: Gin-san!
HAGA: This picture is proof that he is a doggone loser.
HAGA: It's the perfect name for him.
HAGA: I was trying to entrap him so I could make Hatsu-dono mine?
HAGA: Do you think I would actually go out of my way to entrap a doggone loser like him?
HAGA: Your honor! There's no need to continue with the trial.
HASEGAWA: O-Objection!
HEIDI: No objections.
GINTOKI: Objection!
HASEGAWA: What's this?
HASEGAWA: Clara!!
HASEGAWA: [Note: Gintoki is dressed up as Clara from the anime version of Heidi.]
GINTOKI: And "there's no need to continue with the trial."
SHINPACHI: Your honor!
SHINPACHI: We found that Prosecutor Haga is involved with many women
SHINPACHI: besides the defendant Taizo Hasegawa's wife.
HAGA: Order the outsiders to leave.
GINTOKI: Objection! I brought these people down as material witnesses!
MAGISTRATE: I will allow it.
KAGURA: Huh? What's that? Love is your proof?
HAGA: Objection! Those girls are all my friends.
SHINPACHI: But that's just one-sided.
SHINPACHI: then that leaves room for you to make an unlawful deal so you can make Hatsu-san yours.
HAGA: C-Can you even prove that?
MAGISTRATE: Go ahead.
GINTOKI: bowing to her husband's boss who was well beneath her social status.
GINTOKI: The husband saw this and ripped apart the suit he was wearing.
GINTOKI: And...
GINTOKI: he always puts on that suit.
GINTOKI: He always remembers his wife who shamelessly apologized for his sake.
GINTOKI: And he vows to throw away his pride and work hard for the sake of his wife.
GINTOKI: And that shabby old suit that has gone through
GINTOKI: one too many alterations is now too short.
HASEGAWA: You bastard... How do you know that embarrassing story?
GINTOKI: I was asked to give you this new suit since the one you have on is so unsightly.
GINTOKI: He's such a stubborn guy.
HASEGAWA: Hatsu!
MAGISTRATE: I will now give you your sentence.
MAGISTRATE: ...is guilty.
MAGISTRATE: You're guilty of causing your wife grief.
HASEGAWA: Your honor!
MAGISTRATE: and therefore will be left in my keeping.
GINTOKI: Why didn't you say anything?
HAGA: I wanted to fight.
GINTOKI: You...
HAGA: This is the only way I knew how.
HAGA: she was a wonderful woman.
HAGA: How I envy him...
HASEGAWA: We need to talk... Whoa!
KAGURA: Madao! We expect to get compensated!
HASEGAWA: Hatsu!
KAI: It suddenly appeared beneath our feet.
 Name:  Text
OPENING CREDITSKAI: It...
KAI: suddenly appeared beneath our feet...
KAI: What were they? Were they living creatures? Were they man-made?
KAI: Or was it something else entirely?
KAI: Before we could find out...
KAI: half of us were wiped out.
KAI: It split and multiplied at an incredible rate.
KAI: It instantly covered the world. By the time we figured out what it was...
KAI: The planet was no longer ours.
KAI: The only thing we learned...
KAI: was that it was neither alive nor man-made. It was "Despair" itself.
KAI: We were on the brink of annihilation.
IVANOV: So this is the place.
IVANOV: Come on. There are humans still living underground.
KAI: They've given up fighting and left the surface to "it."
KAI: They're just trembling in the dark soil.
KAI: Just like rotting corpses in a cemetery.
IVANOV: Are you saying that women and children should fight monsters?
IVANOV: It destroyed the Royal Armed Forces in just twelve hours.
KAI: It hasn't been destroyed. You and I are still here.
KAI: Everyone fights the enemies that suit them.
IVANOV: Like remain on the surface and partake in guerrilla warfare?
IVANOV: We won't be able to keep that up. I hope our savior gets here quickly.
IVANOV: Even if that legendary savior did exist...
IVANOV: The nation and the army have already collapsed.
IVANOV: I won't ever commit suicide with you.
IVANOV: It isn't the savior. It's a welcoming party.
IVANOV: Oh well. I'll distract them.
IVANOV: and clean up the underground.
KAI: Ivanov...
KAI: No way!
 KAI (mo: (mono)...hope shining bright!
UMIBOZU: Sorry to keep you waiting.
UMIBOZU: Are you the volunteer army that called me?
 KAI (mo: (mono)...has finally seen the dazzling light of dawn...
UMIBOZU: My name is...
UMIBOZU: Umibozu.
UMIBOZU: What's wrong? Is there something on my face?
KAI: No.
IVANOV: It's nothing...
KAI: A toupee.
IVANOV: Umibozu is wearing a toupee.
KIA: Act like you don't notice it.\NPretend you don't know.
KIA: The fate of our planet depends on this man.
IVANOV: Well... But captain... That...
IVANOV: It's totally obvious... It's even sliding off...
IVANOV: There's just nylon on his head.
KAI: That man...
KAI: is our only hope.
KAI: It's all over if we embarrass him and he leaves.
IVANOV: O-Okay. It's all right. I can do this...
IVANOV: This mission is way easier than that Apache landing operation five years ago.
IVANOV: I never thought I'd get to meet a living legend.
KAI: We never thought you'd really come.\NI'm grateful for your help.
KAI: I'm Kai.
UMIBOZU: I never expected this country to change so much in just three years.
UMIBOZU: What in the world happened?
 IVANOV : (mono)What made your head change so much?
KAI: [Note: A similar plot device was used in the anime Space Pirate Captain Harlock.]
IVANOV: Half of this country's population has fallen victim to it.
UMIBOZU: Huh? Bald?
IVANOV: You're mistaken. It's not like that.
UMIBOZU: Apologize to all the bald people in the country.
 IVANOV : (mono)He's so sensitive. This man's feelings are like glass.
 IVANOV : (mono)I've got to be careful about words that sound like "bald."
IVANOV: I-I'm very sorry...
UMIBOZU: It's a bit odd for you to apologize to me.
UMIBOZU: Are we riding in this?
KAI: I wonder if it's going to rain tomorrow...
IVANOV: I hate that... I have nowhere to hang my laundry...
 IVANOV : (mono)He totally stepped into that one! We didn't see it. We didn't see anything.
KAI: I wonder if it's all right now.
IVANOV: We should give him time to put it on properly.
IVANOV: Then we won't have to worry about how bad it looks.
 IVANOV : (mono)Why does it look even more unnatural after he fixed it?
 IVANOV : (mono)What's the meaning of this?\NWhat was he thinking?
 IVANOV : (mono)His toupee has lost all purpose!!\NIt's obvious he's bald now!!
KAI: Why not put an end to living like moles in this filthy shelter?!
KAI: The time to rally together is now!!
KAI: Our volunteer army has managed to summon the help of an invincible hero.
KAI: We've got the heroic living legend Umibozu!!
MAN B: Who's that man with the strange head?\NWhere did you get that faker?
UMIBOZU: Whose head are you calling fake?!
KAI: The surface... This planet...
KAI: We will defend it ourselves!!
UMIBOZU: Bare?! Whose head is bare?!
MAN C: What kind of hero wears a toupee?!\NCome up with a better story!!
KAI: Everyone!
IVANOV: Sorry.
IVANOV: We embarrassed you...
IVANOV: Are you leaving?
IVANOV: She should give up any ideas of saving the planet from that monster.
IVANOV: This planet will be destroyed no matter what we do.
UMIBOZU: You're all talk. You don't even struggle.
IVANOV: It's useless to struggle.
IVANOV: my captain hates so much.
IVANOV: It's the planet itself.
IVANOV: Our enemy is the very planet we're standing on.
IVANOV: It's the Atlas control system. It's the life of this planet.
UMIBOZU: Is this a man-made planet?
IVANOV: No... There's a control system at its core.
IVANOV: This planet was originally unlivable.
IVANOV: Atlas is a purification system that maintains this planet's environment.
IVANOV: But Atlas maintained the planet's balance for only a short while.
IVANOV: It sees humans as a harmful threat to the planet.
IVANOV: It considers us as enemies.
IVANOV: Our devastated military said that it was a mysterious invader
IVANOV: made of an unknown material... But there were those who knew.
IVANOV: We'll be wiped out if we don't do anything.
IVANOV: That's why no one wants to fight.
UMIBOZU: So they've chosen to slowly rot here rather than be wiped out in battle.
UMIBOZU: Aside from that girl...
IVANOV: My captain has no intention of perishing.\NShe still hasn't given up hope.
IVANOV: She'll probably fight even if she's alone.
IVANOV: I can't keep this up any longer.
IVANOV: I was helping her with guerrilla attacks to defend the shelter...
IVANOV: But what can I gain by fighting? This planet is no good. I can't live here anymore.
IVANOV: What is my captain fighting for?
MAN D: It's an enemy attack!
MAN B: It's here!
MAN B: It's finally discovered the shelter!!
OLD MAN A: It's over!! We're finally finished!!
LEADER A: It's Kai!
LEADER A: Kai is retaliating by herself!
UMIBOZU: What are you doing?
UMIBOZU: Why aren't you going to help her?
UMIBOZU: Don't you know what she's fighting to defend?
LEADER A: It's hopeless... Even if we fight...
UMIBOZU: It looks like it's not just the planet that's already finished. It's you.
KAI: Tsk!
KAI: The seedling...
KAI: Is the seedling all right?
UMIBOZU: She was...
UMIBOZU: Growing a seedling in such a dry land...
UMOBOZU: That's...
MAN B: It's a rescue convoy!
MAN C: All right!! We're saved!!
MAN B: We can finally say goodbye to this planet!!
KAI: I'm not going.
KAI: I said that I'm going to stay on this planet and fight until the end.
IVANOV: What's the point of fighting any longer?
IVANOV: You should already know.\NThis planet is no good.
IVANOV: It's all dried up. Grass and trees won't grow.
IVANOV: We can't live on this planet anymore!!
KAI: What good will come of running away?
KAI: We've been relying too much on Atlas.
KAI: Did we ever think of doing something about the planet ourselves?
KAI: Have we ever fought to protect this planet?
IVANOV: I don't understand large-scale things like planets.
IVANOV: But I have a wife and children to protect.
IVANOV: I cannot commit suicide with you and this planet.
UMIBOZU: You're all alone now.
KAI: It's all right.
UMIBOZU: Where are you fighting?
UMIBOZU: You're continuing to fight an enemy that will destroy the planet if you defeat it.
KAI: We've bound this planet with the chains called Atlas and treated it poorly.
KAI: we can't just fling it into a corner of space chained up.
KAI: Someone has to release this planet from the curse of Atlas.
UMIBOZU: Even if it leads to its destruction?
KAI: It won't be destroyed.
KAI: In this dry land.
KAI: I just hate to lose. I don't want to run away from battle.
KAI: I think the meaning of living is to fight.
KAI: I want to be a good person until the end.
UMIBOZU: You're just like her.
UMIBOZU: My daughter. Or perhaps them...
UMIBOZU: I don't want you to die.
UMIBOZU: Don't worry. You're already more than beautiful enough.
UMIBOZU: You can be my witness.
IVANOV: Thanks...
UMIBOZU: Take her away.
UMIBOZU: Huh?
UMIBOZU: I'm going to get my toupee.
UMIBOZU: I've opened a strange door that I would've never opened before.
UMIBOZU: Something's happened ever since I went to earth.
UMIBOZU: Your father... Your father...
UMIBOZU: Is going to crush a planet...
UMIBOZU: for the sake of a woman!!
UMIBOZU: Keep this a secret from your mother!!
IVANOV: What happened?
IVANOV: In just three months...
KAI: It has to be him.
IVANOV: He couldn't have done it by himself...
IVANOV: He destroyed a planet for the sake of a woman.
KAI: No... He probably has his own battles.
KAI: It's not destroyed.
KAI: It's still alive.
 UMIBOZU: (mono)Even if you're crushed by despair...
UMIBOZU: Say goodbye to toupees!
SHINPACHI: How long is this commercial?!
GINTOKI: You've got to be kidding!
GINTOKI: A thirty minute hair restorer commercial?!
GINTOKI: And why is this baldy in a commercial?!\NGive us back our screen time!
SHINPACHI: - You're being a pest! Give up already!!\N- You're being a pest! Give up already!!
CATHERINE: I was quite famous long ago.\NI traveled to all the galaxies.
 Name:  Text
CATHERINE: I was quite famous long ago. I traveled to all the galaxies.
GINTOKI: You liar.
CATHERINE: That's not true.
CATHERINE: [Note: "Treasure of Fire" is the main theme of "Lupin the 3rd: The Castle of Cagliostro" movie.\NThe small old man claiming to be a clone is Mamo from "Lupin the 3rd: Mystery of Mamo" movie.]
CATHERINE: and defeated a little old man who said he was a clone.
OTOSE: Just sit quietly somewhere!! I'm begging you!!
OTOSE: You can get to work too!!
GINTOKI: You're rehiring the thief who robbed money from your store.
GINTOKI: She might swindle you again.
OTOSE: She won't steal anymore.
OTOSE: We made a promise.
KAGURA: That's not fair of Gin-chan.
KAGURA: Taking off like that and leaving us to do it all.
SHINPACHI: What are we gonna do?
CATHERINE: Do you want this cardboard box?
SHINPACHI: Are you telling us to live in that?! Is that what you're saying?!
KAGURA: No way! We can't live in this!! At least make it a large one!!
SHINPACHI: Excuse me?! Isn't there something wrong about that?!
CATHERINE: I won't forgive anyone who gives Otose-san a hard time.
CATHERINE: should get thrown out along with the recycling and garbage!
KAGURA: Shall I rip off those ears and turn you into a trailer-park housewife?!
CATHERINE: And what about you with all your "Uh-huhs"?!
CATHERINE: How about I rip that "Uh-huh" off you and turn you into a normal character?!
KAGURA: Shut up!
KAGURA: Shall I rip the glasses off your face and make you an even wimpier character?!
SHINPACHI: Over my dead body!
KURIKAN: Been looking for you.
CATHERINE: K-Kurikan...
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!!
KURIKAN: You've changed since I last saw you.
CATHERINE: How tactless. Only little girls like to hear how they've changed.
CATHERINE: Mature women like to be told how they haven't changed a bit.
KURIKAN: Your personality is still the same.
KURIKAN: But you had more spunk when we were last teamed up.
KURIKAN: [Note: Spoof of scene from Charlie's Angels Movie.]
KURIKAN: and you could crack open... any safe with the greatest of ease.
KURIKAN: There wasn't a crook out there...
KURIKAN: ...who didn't know Latchkey Catherine.
CATHERINE: Knock it off. I've given up thieving.
KURIKAN: That's right. That's what you said when you left us.
KURIKAN: But I've heard rumors that you were thrown into the slammer here on earth.
KURIKAN: The habit of stealing is harder to get rid of than a curry udon stain.
KURIKAN: What's the point in going straight now?
KURIKAN: Why not join Cat's Punch again?
KURIKAN: Amanto and money from across the galaxy gather here... It's better than catnip.
CATHERINE: Stop it!!
CATHERINE: I'm indebted to the hostel owner now...
KURIKAN: I know all about that.
KURIKAN: Cat's Punch is capable of anything when money is at stake.
KURIKAN: You can't earn that much at a seedy snack house like that.
KURIKAN: I can see it in your face-it's killing you.
KURIKAN: Forget about trying to go clean. You should be proud of your special talents.
KURIKAN: I'll be waiting behind the factory at 3-chome block at 2:00 A.M.
OTOSE: Oh? Is that so?
SHINPACHI: Is that all you have to say Otose-san?
KAGURA: Just leave her alone. I figured she'd get back into that life eventually.
SHINPACHI: Whoa. It's Gin-san. It's a mini Gin-san.
GINTOKI: That's right. Just leave her alone.
GINTOKI: People without backbones will collapse on their own.
GINTOKI: Those with a backbone will walk straight even if you leave them alone.
OTOSE: What is this?
GINTOKI: It's a limited-edition announcer Ketsuno figurine.
GINTOKI: It's my treasure. Take this to cover my rent...
OTOSE: Jeez. You're all idiots.
PRISON GUARD: Don't come back here again.
CATHERINE: Okay. Thank you for everything.
MANAGER: What?! We don't need any Amanto working here.
MANAGER: And you have a criminal record too? No way! Beat it! Get lost!
OTOSE: It looks like getting thrown in the slammer didn't do you any good.
CATHERINE: But I can't do anything else.
CATHERINE: This is the only thing I know how to do to survive!
OTOSE: You idiot!
OTOSE: why don't you suffer while trying to change yourself?
OTOSE: Then you can cry.
KURIKAN: That's right. That's the face I wanted to see.
KURIKAN: Cat's Punch is back together again.
KURIKAN: What are you doing?
KURIKAN: Huh?! What are you saying? Don't you care what happens to the old lady?!
CATHERINE: Please don't lay a hand on her.
KURIKAN: but you crawled out of the same hole we did!!
KURIKAN: You think you can go legit now?! Dream on! Yer a lowly thief!!
KURIKAN: I'm going to cut off this bitch's ears and turn her into an ordinary trailer-park housewife!!
GINTOKI: I don't have one.
KURIKAN: Huh? You do have one.
KURIKAN: Wh-Who are you?!
GINTOKI: But I can give you a wooden sword...
GINTOKI: Any time you like!
GINTOKI: That's that.
GINTOKI: You must have had a crappy life...
GINTOKI: You haven't lived a life to be proud of.
GINTOKI: But if you keep your eye on the road and keep on going...
GINTOKI: sooner or later the dirt will dry up and fall off.
CATHERINE: Did you come here to tell me that?
GINTOKI: so I figured I was gonna sleep in the gutter tonight.
SHINPACHI: So he says.
SHINPACHI: How about it? We worked off about three months' worth of rent.
OTOSE: One month-that's it.
CMTITLE: ["Men Have a Weakness for Girls Who Sell Flowers and Work in Pastry Shops"]
KAGURA: My mommy said that fools never catch colds. So how?
KAGURA: How'd you do it?
GINTOKI: Shut up. Go away.
KAGURA: That sure is nice. It sure is cool...
GINTOKI: What's wrong with you?
GINTOKI: We don't have any more cooling gel packs.
SHINPACHI: That's the best way to cure a cold.
SHINPACHI: Hey! Why are you eating and sweating?!
KAGURA: Will I have to put on a mask and eat rice porridge? This isn't good.
SHINPACHI: Don't lie!!
KAGURA: Come on... It's not fair that only Gin-chan gets to do this.
KAGURA: He gets to eat rice porridge and wear a mask.
KAGURA: It's like a party. I want to catch a cold.
GINTOKI: You're an idiot. Go catch a cold. Catch a head cold.
KAGURA: I can catch a flu any time I want. Don't underestimate me.
GINTOKI: She's an idiot. She's a real idiot.
GINTOKI: Oh no. We had a job today.
SHINPACHI: That's a little impossible. You have a 40-degree fever.
SHINPACHI: [NOTE: 104 Fahrenheit]
GINTOKI: We can't turn down a job.
GINTOKI: I can't leave this to idiots who can't even catch a cold in wintertime.
KAGURA: Hey.
KAGURA: Wait. Why are you calling me an idiot?
MICHIKO: Excuse me. I'm coming in. I requested a job the other day.
MICHIKO: Excuse me...
SHINPACHI: She pushed the intercom button.
KAGURA: What do you want? I'm Odd Jobs Gura-san.
MICHIKO: What do I want? Umm... I'm Kawasaki. I asked you to find out if my husband was cheating on me.
KAGURA: Shut up. He's always like this.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san corresponds with the clients.
SHINPACHI: So...
SHINPACHI: About the investigation...
SHINPACHI: You suspect that your husband is cheating on you?
MICHIKO: Yes. There's no mistake.
SHINPACHI: What are you saying?! Hey!!
MICHIKO: Hey!! You accepted my request over the phone yesterday!!
MICHIKO: This is not what we agreed on.
KAGURA: I just don't like it.
KAGURA: You're speaking ill of these kids' father right in front of them.
KAGURA: He's their precious dad.
MICHIKO: W-Well...
SHINPACHI: It's Gin-san!! It's a mini Gin-san!!
MICHIKO: I didn't want to bring my children here!!
MICHIKO: I'm prepared to leave him!!
MICHIKO: But he won't admit to the cheating or accept the divorce.
MICHIKO: I want definitive proof that he was cheating!! If I do...
KAGURA: We can't go looking for proof that'll take away their father from them.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Where?
KAGURA: We're going to find proof of his undying love...
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!!
MICHIKO: Th-Thank you very much!!
MICHIKO: This means so much to me.
SHINPACHI: It looks like we can do this even without Gin-san. Don't you think?!
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!
KAGURA: My blood-sugar is low and I'm getting irritated.
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!
KAGURA: Why don't we go to the convenience store?
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!
SHINPACHI: [Note: "Gurasan" is slang for "sunglasses" in Japanese.]
KAGURA: What's that thing that completely hopeless guy always wears?
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!
KAGURA: Jeez. Humans are so pathetic and have no self-control...
KAGURA: But I want to believe in the bond of a married couple.
KAGURA: We've got to prove that we can do this even if Gin-chan's not here.
KAGURA: Don't screw it up!!
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!!
KAGURA: Don't say his name. I don't want to live in his shadow anymore.
KAGURA: I'm going to live free...
SHINPACHI: Gura-san!! Who are you?! Who are you now?
MANAGER: Hey!
SHINPACHI: It's the client's husband. This is bad.
MANAGER: {\a6}How are you going to take responsibility for this?
SHINPACHI: We can't secretly spy on him now. He's already noticed us.
KAGURA: I forgot that a long time ago.
MANAGER: You forgot your own phone number?!
MANAGER: Oh well... What about your address?!
KAGURA: I think of all the land under this blue sky as my home.
KAGURA: I'm a lone monkey with the heart of a samurai.
MANAGER: This girl is annoying!!
SHINPACHI: Sachan-san...
SACHAN: Why are you so small?
KAGURA: It happened because of this accident...
SACHAN: Don't worry. I'll raise you on my breast milk! I'm all yours.
KAGURA: You're not popular with the ladies because you don't understand the subtleties of love.
SHINPACHI: Huh?! Do you mean the client's husband is having an affair with Sachan-san?!
KAGURA: That's right!!
MANAGER: I didn't say anything like that!!
KAGURA: Don't act dumb.
KAGURA: What do you have to say about that?
SHINPACHI: It's a little rash to presume they're having an affair simply because of that.
MICHIKO: Hey!!
MICHIKO: You lecher... Is it mistress A?! B?! Or Z?!
SHINPACHI: Realize who you're talking to!!
KAGURA: Gin-chan never takes notice of you.
SACHAN: What is that? What kind of plan is that?
KAGURA: They say that when someone who's doggedly hung around you
MICHIKO: You're so repulsive!! You already have three children.
MICHIKO: I oughta run you over you with a real cart!
SHINPACHI: You're jumping to conclusions!
SHINPACHI: And so are you!!
MANAGER: C-Calm down!! Are you still suspicious about that?!
MANAGER: I wasn't having an affair with Sarutobi-san.
MICHIKO: What do you mean?!
MICHIKO: That just means...
MICHIKO: You had an affair with someone other than Sarutobi-san.
KAGURA: It's as I planned.
KAGURA: This is a plan to corner that man and make him spill everything.
SHINPACHI: No. I didn't even want to get involved in this mess.
KAGURA: All we have to do now is catch that woman and make her confess in front of the client.
SHINPACHI: Sachan-san said that she was a coworker.
SHINPACHI: She's not working at the shop today.
SHINPACHI: She's helping out at her family's flower shop.
KAGURA: Men are always suckers for girls who work at flower shops or cake shops.
KAGURA: They sure are stupid.
SHINPACHI: But is this all right?
SHINPACHI: The client looked as if she didn't want to break up with her husband.
SHINPACHI: I wonder what Gin-san would do?
GINTOKI: So what really happened?
MANAGER: I didn't do anything.
GINTOKI: But the fact that she's gotten so mad is proof that she loves you.
SACHAN: Then why did you go to Waki-san's place almost every day?
MANAGER: Well...
GINTOKI: It's to you-know-what with the flower-shop girl's flower petals.
MANAGER: Keep this a secret from my wife...
ZENZO: Really? The shop's a mess.
WAKI: The shop's fine. Customers never come anyway.
WAKI: The manager of the place where I work part-time
WAKI: has been married to his wife for ten years.
WAKI: I was helping him make a portrait of his wife out of flowers. It was painstaking work.
WAKI: But It's ruined and totally ugly now.
ZENZO: Ugly? I think this looks just about right.
WAKI: That's because you like ugly women.
WAKI: This is bad. I'd commit suicide if I received this.
MANAGER: What is that?! You spit in your own home.
GINTOKI: You're pretty crafty. That's a pretty elegant thing to do. Tsk!!
MANAGER: You sounded so pleased when you thought I was cheating.
GINTOKI: That means they might bring that portrait back with them.
MANAGER: Really? I'm glad. I can finally show it to her.
MANAGER: I hid it even though she thought I was cheating on her.
MANAGER: She'll be surprised.
MANAGER: Huh?
KAGURA: Ma'am...
SHINPACHI: This is a present from your husband.
 MANAGER: (mono)It looks like it's been simplified quite a bit...
MANAGER: Present? What is that?
SHINPACHI: Your husband wasn't having an affair. He was secretly making this for you.
MICHIKO: For me?
MANAGER: Her name is Michiko! They got her name wrong!
MICHIKO: Who the hell is Machiko?! Don't make fun of me!
MANAGER: Hey!! What have you done?
MAN B: Who did this?
WOMAN A: There are names written in flower petals.
WOMAN B: That's a pretty tedious prank.
KAGURA: I couldn't remember if she was Machiko or Michiko.
SHINPACHI: Which was it?
GINTOKI: You're stupid. You two really are stupid.
GINTOKI: It's Machiko. Machiko.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Play Video Games for Only An Hour A Day."
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: A brief...
ALL: Ginpachi-sensei!
GINTOKI: Umm... This is a question from Coffee Lover in Tottori Prefecture.
GINTOKI: He's the famous Kintaro-san from folklore.
GINTOKI: He used to wrestle bears in the folktales.
GINTOKI: But Gin-san isn't a descendant of Kintaro.
GINTOKI: He was just modeled a bit after him. Don't be too concerned about it.
GINTOKI: stand in the One Piece Academy hall.
HANANO: There are long lines in front of the appliance shops.
MUSASHI: I've been here since three years ago.
MATSUDAIRA: Huh? My daughter said she wanted one.
CATHERINE: I'm not interested in video games.
CATHERINE: I'm going to sell it for a high price on an internet auction.
EMPLOYEE A: Please don't start fires.
GINTOKI: It's cold. Can't you let us warm up?
EMPLOYEE A: Warm up? This is becoming a fire hazard...
KAGURA: [Note: Her rosy cheeks are a parody of Heidi from the Heidi anime.]
GINTOKI: [Note: He's acting like Grandpa from the Heidi anime.]
EMPLOYEE A: N-Now's not the time for that. Are you even listening to me?
GINTOKI: Oh? So you noticed.
GINTOKI: There's still something missing.
GINTOKI: What should we do with this?
EMPLOYEE A: That looks extremely delicious!! Heidi?! Is that what Heidi ate?!
GINTOKI: Now eat.
MAN B: What are they doing?!
MAN B: Why are they eating what Heidi ate in the middle of the line?!
KAGURA: Peter!!
SHINPACHI: Uhh...umm...
SHINPACHI: [Note: He's acting like Peter from the Heidi anime.]
GINTOKI: Why don't you have some with us?
SHINPACHI: What?! Really?
SHINPACHI: Yeah!
MAN B: This is bad... My stomach... I've been trying to resist the urge to eat...
KAGURA: It'll warm them up. I'm sure they'll be pleased.
GINTOKI: But we cannot.
GINTOKI: This is cheese made from the milk of the goats we raised.
GINTOKI: In order to get something you must give something of equal value.
MAN D: Damn it! I can't take it anymore! We'll trade places with you.
MAN D: Give me some Heidi food!
MAN E: Wait! That Heidi food is mine!
MAN E: I've been dying to eat that ever since I saw it on TV when I was little!
EMPLOYEE B: Oh! Don't disrupt the line!!
MAN D: Heidi!!
EMPLOYEE A: Never mind that. It's dangerous!
KAGURA: That was easy.
GINTOKI: Jeez. What's more pathetic than having to wait in line for a kid's toy?
SHINPACHI: We got this job because there are people who think like that.
GINTOKI: We may be Odd Jobs but we're not servants. Right?
SHINPACHI: It'll be difficult to get one in this situation.
GINTOKI: It's the end of the world when there are this many people who'd line up for a kid's toy...
GINTOKI: The world is corrupt.
GINTOKI: I'm beginning to understand Zura's feelings about wanting to destroy it.
EMPLOYEE C: Your kotatsu is bothering the other customers...
EMPLOYEE C: [Note: A kotatsu is a low table with an electric blanket sitting atop it.]
KATSURA: Sorry. Wait one moment. Elizabeth is still eating.
KATSURA: Wait a second. We'll be quick...
KATSURA: I said that Elizabeth is...
KATSURA: Elizabeth is still eating!!
SHINPACHI: All right. We moved up ten places.
KAGURA: We've still got a long way to go.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: I don't need to be told that by someone who crashed into the ground at light speed.
KATSURA: I've been in line since 4:00 A.M. yesterday.
GINTOKI: What's a revolutionary doing getting caught up in a fad and coming here to buy a game console?
KATSURA: We need to know which way the world is headed.
KATSURA: Even if it's just for a Famicom.
KATSURA: [Note: Famicom is what the Nintendo (NES) is called in Asia.]
GINTOKI: That's old!
GINTOKI: You're not keeping up with the times when you call a game console a Famicom!!
KATSURA: It seems that this Famicom is amazing.
KATSURA: [Note: The Twin Famicom console was released only in Japan.]
GINTOKI: Did you actually come here to buy a Famicom?!
GINTOKI: Why are you in line?!
GINTOKI: That's not what this line is for!!
KATSURA: What? I thought I could see Mario once more. You saying I can't?
GINTOKI: Once more? That man has been revived dozens of times!!
GINTOKI: [Note: Mario has appeared in dozens of new series since 1983.]
KATSURA: I see... Is his younger brother with the inferiority complex still thriving?
GINTOKI: What a terrible thing to say! What do you know about Luigi?!
GINTOKI: Did you forget that you're a wanted criminal?
KATSURA: No police officers would have the time to come to a place like this at this hour.
SHINPACHI: I guess some revolutionaries have a lot of free time.
EMPLOYEE B: Your bath is bothering the other customers...
OKITA: What of it? We've been in line all night.
OKITA: We should at least be able to take a bath.
KONDO: J-Just...
KONDO: Just a moment! I still haven't washed myself down there yet!!
GINTOKI: Just how rude can some people get?
SHINPACHI: Some people will try anything to cut in line.
KATSURA: Tsk... I never expected to run into the Shinsengumi here.
SHINPACHI: An unbelievable performance by a bunch of idiots.
HIJIKATA: What are you doing here?
GINTOKI: I'm batting that question right back at you.
HIJIKATA: I'm batting that question right back at you.
GINTOKI: I'm batting that...
SHINPACHI: Enough. It's getting annoying.
OKITA: Let us in for a second!
KAGURA: Hey! Don't come in without permission!!
OKITA: Don't be so stingy!! It's not a big deal!!
KONDO: That's right. They'll run out at just about the place where Toshi is standing in line.
HIJIKATA: It's cold.
KONDO: Don't say that!! Why aren't you holding our place in line?!
KONDO: Hey! Now all our standing in line since yesterday has gone to waste!!
KONDO: What are we going to do?! I made a promise to Otae-san!!
SHINPACHI: That's not a promise!! That's a threat!!
OKITA: Over there playing Kabaddi.
KABADDI PLAYERS: [Note: Kabaddi is a popular sport in South Asia.]
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!! Who are these people?!
EMPLOYEE A: It's now midnight! The Bentendo OwEe is now on sale!
EMPLOYEE A: Stay in line. Don't panic or run.
EMPLOYEE A: Follow the employees' directions. One per person...
EMPLOYEE A: Are you listening to me?!
KONDO: It doesn't matter!! This world is all about survival of the fittest!
GINTOKI: All right! I got an OwEe!
HIJIKATA: I won't let you have it.
GINTOKI: You bastard...
HIJIKATA: I'm going to get the OwEe!!
GINTOKI: I'm not letting you!!
GINTOKI: I'm going to...
GINTOKI: Get the OwEe!!
GINTOKI: I've got it!!
HIJIKATA: I won't let you have it!!
GINTOKI: The OwEe is mine!
HANANO: Whoa... Six people charged into the store and customers are following them.
HANANO: The OwEe might be pulled from the sale!!
HANANO: I'm going to talk to Yamada-san of the Bentendo public relations department.
HANANO: What do you think? Did you expect that this would happen?
YAMADA: The OwEe release date was delayed several times.
YAMADA: Everyone probably couldn't wait any longer.
HANANO: Do you think the OwEe will be pulled from the sale if someone gets hurt?
YAMADA: It'll be all right. We have a plan.
YAMADA: It will be solved peacefully...
YAMADA: And it's a great way to demonstrate how it works.
MAN G: Wha?! What is that?!
MAN G: It's a giant TV screen.
MAN G: And an OwEe!!
MANAGER: Do you all want this game console that badly?!
MANAGER: Then win it by playing a game!! Get what you want by playing a game!
MANAGER: That's what a true gamer would do!!
CM BUMPERCM BUMPERMANAGER: Do you all want...
MANAGER: ...this game console that badly?!
MANAGER: Then win it by playing a game!! Get what you want by playing a game!
MANAGER: That's what a true gamer would do!!
HANANO: Who is that?
YAMADA: The manager.
MANAGER: How about participating in a little challenge to win the OwEe?
MANAGER: You chosen gamers here...
MANAGER: You energetic gamers who rushed in first...
MANAGER: I'm going to split you up into two teams and you have to play games against each other.
KONDO: Really?!
MANAGER: You are chosen individuals. It's only natural.
MANAGER: I want the remaining spectators to predict which team is going to win...
MANAGER: Those who bet on the winning team...
MANAGER: ...will get the right to buy the OwEe.
MANAGER: We'll be sure to get you an OwEe even if we don't have enough in stock.
MAN H: That doesn't sound like fun!
MAN H: I was standing in a spot in line where I would've been guaranteed an OwEe!!
MAN H: What are you going to do about that?!
MAN I: You're the manager!!
MAN I: Aren't you embarrassed to be dressed up like that at your age?!
MANAGER: You damn kids!!
YAMADA: The manager has become himself again.
YAMADA: He's saying things that won't benefit him.
GINTOKI: Do you want that game console that badly?
GINTOKI: Then bet on us.
GINTOKI: We'll win the OwEe. 100% guaranteed.
MAN H: They're not normal people!
MAN H: They look like Master Takahashi! All their chins are turned up!!
MAN H: [Note: Takahashi Meijin is a famous video game player from the 80s.]
KONDO: You'll just get hurt...
MAN H: He's no good!
MAN I: He's no good! He's got it all wrong. He's someone else!
MAN I: You die.
MAN H: Hey! This has completely turned into a match of the upturned chins!
MAN B: This looks kind of interesting. I'll place a bet!!
HANANO: Hmm... This is a great advertising scheme.
HANANO: It introduces the game console.
MANAGER: The first battle is...
MANAGER: A girl game battle.
MANAGER: Bakiboki Memorial!
MANAGER: You play the main character.
MANAGER: The person who bonks the heroine first...
MANAGER: ...is the winner!
GINTOKI: A girl game? I've never played one of those.
KAGURA: What does he mean by "bonk the heroine"?
KAGURA: Does it have something to do with a legendary cliff?
SHINPACHI: No it doesn't. The point of the game is to become romantic with a girl.
SHINPACHI: This is bad. I haven't played many of these games.
KONDO: This match is decided.
KONDO: I've played every girl game ever created and I've bonked countless women.
KONDO: Otae-san even said that I should have been born in 2D instead of 3D.
OKITA: She's not praising you.\NShe's telling you to die.
KONDO: I've played countless girl games.
KONDO: I can tell which choices the girls will like
KONDO: and what the best date spots are even in the new games.
OKITA: If only you could do that in real life.
KONDO: My skill at using a controller doesn't waste a minute.
KONDO: Do you think you can keep up?
KONDO: Who's that?!
KATSURA: You don't waste a minute?
KATSURA: How silly. Don't you know that love itself is all about excess?
KATSURA: You struggle excessively. And it all ends in vain.
KONDO: Wh-Who are you?!
KATSURA: I'm just an ordinary plumber.
HANANO: Whoa!! A man who calls himself a plumber has suddenly barged into this challenge!
HANANO: Who is this man?!
MAN C: Who is he?!
KATSURA: I'm not Mario. I'm Katsu-
KATSURA: This is bad! My mustache... my mustache...
SHINPACHI: Did you come out just to get caught?!
KATSURA: I heard that I could win a free Twin Famicom.
SHINPACHI: They don't have those anymore!
SHINPACHI: They'll see through your flimsy disguise in no time!
SHINPACHI: Get away from here quickly.
HIJIKATA: Hey!
HIJIKATA: You there.
 SHINPAC: (mono)This is bad! We can't fool the Demon Vice-Chief's eyes!
HIJIKATA: I never expected to see you here.
HIJIKATA: What a coincidence. You're done for.
 Name:  Text
MANAGER: will these chosen individuals give us in order to win the new Bentendo OwEe game console?
KONDO: I don't care if you're Mario or Sonic--it doesn't matter to me.
KONDO: I'm a Zony fan! I'm going to give you a thorough thrashing!
[Note: [Note: Zony is a parody of Sony.]
KONDO: I told you that I know all about girl games.
ISAO: [This is bad. I'm going to be late.]
KONDO: There it is!
MAGUKO: Hey! What are you looking at?
HANANO: What's the meaning of this?
YAMADA: The heroine of Bakiboki Memorial is quite different. She's rather eccentric.
KONDO: She's eccentric?! This is pretty fishy!
ISAO: Are you all right?
SHINPACHI: What's the swordfish route?!
SHINPACHI: Why is there such a drastic choice right in the beginning?!
KONDO: I-Impossible. All that data I've gathered up to now doesn't help!
HANANO: Thirty minutes of lost time! This is quite a blow to the Shinsengumi team!
KATSURA: Love doesn't always go according to the data you've collected.
KATSURA: Unexpected things always happen in love.
KATSURA: I won't make the same mistake.
MAGUKO: That's terrible of you to dump me!
KONDO: Why?!
KONDO: There's a limit to how unexpected things can get!
KATSURA: I never expected her to stab me with the swordfish...
SHINPACHI: This isn't love!
HANANO: Whoa! The Odd Jobs team has to start from the beginning.
HANANO: Both players are neck-and-neck!
SHINPACHI: This is more than just even!
MAN D: Hey! How long is it going to take to settle this?!
HANANO: Whoa! The spectators are voicing their discontent.
YAMADA: Manager!
MANAGER: Yes.
MANAGER: We shall hold the second battle simultaneously.
MANAGER: This is the game: Nobunaga's Regurgitation.
MANAGER: A drunk Nobunaga will vomit various shapes from above the screen.
MANAGER: And your opponent's Nobunaga will throw up.
SHINPACHI: That's just a terrible version of Tetris! What's with this screen?!
SHINPACHI: Why are you trying to make it look like it's part of the Ambition series?!
SHINPACHI: Why me?
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!
HANANO: Whoa! Bland looking players have been chosen to play this unexpectedly bland looking game.
YAMAZAKI: That was unnecessarily mean!
MANAGER: Let the game begin!!
SHINPACHI: This is a complete joke!!
SHINPACHI: Hey! Nobunaga's thrown up a lot from the start!
SHINPACHI: What's the meaning of this?!
SHINPACHI: Why is it that only my Nobunaga is completely drunk?!
YAMADA: He probably got smashed after the incident at Honnoji Temple.
SHINPACHI: I don't care!! Don't drag things from the past with you!!
HANANO: The Shinsengumi team's Nobunaga doesn't seem so drunk.
YAMADA: It's probably after the battle of Okehazama.
YAMADA: He probably had a good drink after his miraculous victory.
SHINPACHI: Both drank until they threw up?!
SHINPACHI: I can't handle this much vomit!!
KAGURA: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: This is bad...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi's begun to panic. He's lost his calm sense of judgment.
GINTOKI: He won't be able to make the rows disappear like he would normally be able to.
GINTOKI: The person who uses the blandest method will win this battle.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi will lose if he doesn't realize this.
KONDO: It looks like that challenge has already been decided.
KONDO: I managed to set up a date with Maguko-chan.
KATSURA: With her mother tagging along? You can't really call that a date.
MAGUKO: Isao-san!
KONDO: What? What about you?! You still haven't even set up a date.
KATSURA: I did. With just the two of us.
KONDO: What?!
MAGUKOS MOTHER B: Katsuo-kun!
KONDO: With her mother?!
KONDO: Why are you hitting on her mother?!
KATSURA: She said she lost her husband earlier and she's lonely.
KONDO: This is a girl game! This isn't a soap opera!
HANANO: This is amazing! He's ignored the main heroine and went on to seduce her mother.
MAGUKOS MOTHER 2: Where shall we go today?!
 GINTOKI: (mono)This is bad. Zura's love of housewives has turned problematic!
MAGUKOS MOTHER 2: This jar is called the Jar of Happiness.
MAGUKO: Isn't that cheap?
HANANO: It's game over! This is harsh! He's come this far only to start all over again.
KONDO: Tsk! I messed up... She still didn't like me enough to let me ask her on a date... Oh well.
KONDO: It's turned into a suspense game!
MAGUKOS MOTHER 2: I'll lure her out and you bonk her off the cliff!
KONDO: Huh?
HANANO: Whoa! There's suddenly an indication that the main heroine Maguko is going to get bonked.
KONDO: Bonked? What?! Is that what they meant?!
KONDO: Hold on a second! No way... Huh? Hey...
KATSURA: I told you that you can't predict what's going to happen in love.
HANANO: It's over! This settles things!
HANANO: The Shinsengumi team has taken his hands off his controller...
YAMAZAKI: I thought you would be on the same level as me.
YAMAZAKI: It looks like I was wrong.
YAMAZAKI: I only have badminton and kabaddi. We're of a different class.
YAMAZAKI: You and I are of different levels of blandness.
HANANO: It's over! This is probably it.
HANANO: The Odd Jobs team has taken his hands off his controller...
HANANO: What is this sound?!
HANANO: Oh!
HANANO: Wh-What's this?! Maguko's nipple!!
HANANO: He's using the command to inspect it over and over!!
HANANO: And what's this?! Vomit is being slammed against the wall between the players!
HANANO: They're getting in rapid hits!! Maguko's nipple is being poked at incredible speeds!
HANANO: And on this side...he's using a ruler!! He's using a ruler to make rapid hits!!
KATSURA: It's useless! Are you saying that you're going to bonk Maguko before I kill her?!
HIJIKATA: He never gave up even though he was clearly outnumbered.
KATSURA: What's this?! Maguko's face is slowly turning red!
YAMAZAKI: Impossible! The wall between the players broke and vomit is flowing into the other side!
HIJIKATA: The guts to never give up or yield.
GINTOKI: That's what brought on the miracle at Okehazama.
KONDO: - It's as you say.\N- It's as you say.
KONDO: You don't know what's going to happen in love.
SHINPACHI: You and I are of different levels of blandness.
HIJIKATA: Those who don't give up easily...
GINTOKI: ...can't be defeated by anyone.
HIJIKATA: But that has absolutely nothing to do with this.
MANAGER: The winner is Sagaru Yamazaki!
MANAGER: The winner is Katsuo!
SHINPACHI: I lost kind of blandly.
KONDO: This is kind of embarrassing.
OKITA: Now we're one against one. The battle will be decided by the remaining two.
OKITA: Which one do you want to play? I don't care either way. Both look interesting.
HIJIKATA: Both look terrible.
KAGURA: Let's clean up the garbage and start up the third year fresh.
GINTOKI: Huh? Is that so...
MANAGER: The first battle was a girl game battle.
MANAGER: The second battle was a puzzle game battle.
MANAGER: The final battle will decide the victors.
MANAGER: It is a two-on-two tag match.
HIJIKATA: A tag match? I never heard anything about this.
HIJIKATA: Why am I included?!
KAGURA: Bring it on. Try to crush us.
KAGURA: Strange juices might come flying from our hands.
GINTOKI: The OwEe is ours. Let's settle this.
HANANO: This is the game you will play! Dragon Hunter 3!
[Note: [Note: Parody of Dragon Quest.]
HANANO: It's an online game in which you are a hero who has to defeat a dark lord who's planning to take over the world.
HANANO: This game is the OwEe's best selling point.
HANANO: It's a new game that makes use of a virtual controller.
HANANO: You can enjoy this game as if you were really inside the game world.
KAGURA: Whoa!
KAGURA: It looks like we're really in the game!
HANANO: Names can only be four characters long.
GINTOKI: Why is only this part of it like a Famicom?
HANANO: but we don't have the time for that.
MANAGER: Begin the game!
KAGURA: All right! Let's go!
GINTOKI: Wait. We'll be easily defeated at this level.
GINTOKI: We need to make preparations.
OKITA: What should we do? Shall we go buy some weapons?
HIJIKATA: Why am I in the red from the moment I was created?
OKITA: Who knows? I guess it's because you're Smegma.
HANANO: It seems that hit points are distributed at random.
HANANO: The Shinsengumi team is at a disadvantage from the beginning.
HIJIKATA: You've got to be kidding me!! Even a slime could kill me in a single hit!
HIJIKATA: [Note: A slime is the weakest monster in Dragon Quest.]
GINTOKI: You can slowly raise your levels here!
GINTOKI: Hey! Why is it that I was poisoned from the beginning of the game?!
GINTOKI: Why was my screen green from the moment I was created?!
KAGURA: This is why men are so hopeless... What woman did you get that from?!
HANANO: It seems there are still bugs in the game because it's still being developed.
GINTOKI: You've got to be kidding!
GINTOKI: My hit points are going to fall to zero before I even leave this town!
KAGURA: Okay!
HIJIKATA: How pathetic. We'll be moving ahead in this game while you're fooling around.
HIJIKATA: Ow.
HIJIKATA: What the-?!
HANANO: Whoa! Smegma has died.
HANANO: It seems that he lost all his hit points when he stubbed his toe on that sign.
OKITA: Give me a break. I don't want to travel around dragging this heavy coffin.
HIJIKATA: Wait! Hey! Take me to a church! Hero-sama!
OKITA: It's all right.
OKITA: I don't have the gold pieces necessary to bring you back to life at a church.
OKITA: I'm going to defeat some monsters and make some money.
HIJIKATA: Hey! There aren't any monsters in there!
HIJIKATA: There's only the monster called desire!
HANANO: He's been left behind! The hero Smegma has been completely left behind!
ELDER: Somewhere in this world there's a medicine that an elf made that can cure any disease.
KAGURA: Really? Can it even cure poison?
ELDER: Don't do it. You can't reach Pales at your level.
KAGURA: I won't know unless I try.
GINTOKI: I just need antidote herbs! They sell it at the item shops for ten gold pieces.
ELDER: Take these antidote herbs.
GINTOKI: Are you listening to me?! And why are you eating those?!
GINTOKI: At least use them during your fight with Berias!
ELDER: Beria's weak spot is his head. Don't lose.
GINTOKI: No! Her head is even more of a weakness than it is for Berias!
HANANO: Now what is he going to do?! Nothing's going to get better at this rate.
GINTOKI: We're not going anywhere at this rate.
HIJIKATA: Help you? No way. You're my enemy. Why do I have to help you?
GINTOKI: or you could get yourself out of this situation and advance. Which do you choose?
HIJIKATA: I'm just a corpse. What can I do?
GINTOKI: Right now...
GINTOKI: Curing my poison and bringing you back to life can be all dealt with if we see a priest at a church.
HIJIKATA: So what do you want me to do?
HANANO: Whoa! Could this be...? It's a sled!
HANANO: He's using a coffin as a sled!
HANANO: But a sled can't move in a place without any slopes.
HANANO: There is something!
HANANO: It's the elder! It's the antidote elder from earlier!
HANANO: The elder wanders around until a traveler talks to him.
HANANO: They're planning on making him pull the coffin to get to the church!
HANANO: How inhumane! What un-hero-like conduct!
HANANO: What will the elder do about the hero's unorthodox actions?!
HANANO: Whoa! The elder isn't heading to the church at all!
HANANO: Whoa! This is bad!
HANANO: They're headed into the field into the worst possible situation!
HIJIKATA: What the hell are you doing?!
HIJIKATA: I was tolerating this embarrassing treatment because you told me
HIJIKATA: that you were going to bring me back to life!
GINTOKI: Shut up! I'm still poisoned!
HANANO: This is dangerous.
ELDER CAPTION: [There is no response. It's just an elder.]\N[Note: Parody of Dragon Quest line "There is no response. It's just a corpse."]
GINTOKI: This is bad. The elder is definitely angry!
HIJIKATA: That can't be! The elder exists only to give travelers antidote herbs!
HIJIKATA: No! The elder is just walking at random! The elder isn't that sort of person!
GINTOKI: What's your problem? What do you know about the elder?
HANANO: There they are! Monsters! Monsters have appeared!
GINTOKI: Elder! Run away! Old man! What are you doing? I'll kill you!
GINTOKI: Elder! That old man just smirked at me! He definitely smirked at me just now!
HIJIKATA: No! The elder's not that sort of person!
GINTOKI: This is bad. They're coming!
GINTOKI: I'm desperate!
GINTOKI: Elder!
HANANO: Whoa! He used the elder as a weapon to overcome this difficult challenge!
HIJIKATA: Elder!
GINTOKI: What incredible power
GINTOKI: Elder!
HANANO: Whoa! The elder has become a corpse.
GINTOKI: No. The elder's natural life just came to an end.
GINTOKI: It just happened to come exactly at this moment.
HIJIKATA: You definitely did it! Turn yourself in!
KAGURA: The elder's presence has disappeared! Did something happen to him?
BERIAS: That elder is no longer of this world.
GINTOKI: She's already defeating guys who look way stronger than bandits!
BERIAS: The dark lord already has the medicine
GINTOKI: That's enough. Go and defeat the bandits already!
GINTOKI: I've got to do something about it myself.
HIJIKATA: How are you using the elder?!
HANANO: The hero Kintoki has finally charged into the bandit's cave!
HANANO: Oh! That's a save point and a spring of healing.
HIJIKATA: Hold up! Give me the elder.
GINTOKI: What are you saying?!
HIJIKATA: Don't make the elder suffer any more.
GINTOKI: What?! We've come this far because of Elder-sama.
HIJIKATA: That's why I'm telling you to not desecrate the dead anymore.
GINTOKI: The elder's not dead. He's still alive in my heart.
HANANO: Whoa! The two are starting to fight over the elder right before their battle with the boss.
GINTOKI: Are you telling me to part with the elder after all we went through?
GINTOKI: I can't live without the elder anymore.
HIJIKATA: The elder should be returned to the town.
HIJIKATA: Adventurers need the elder.
GINTOKI: The elder is forever going to be known amongst adventurers
GINTOKI: as the legendary boomerang that defeated the bandits.
HIJIKATA: Give him to me!
GINTOKI: Let go!
GINTOKI: I understand. You understand?
GINTOKI: Let's split him evenly.
HIJIKATA: Make sure you split him evenly down the middle.
HANANO: They split him!
GINTOKI: Elder! Elder!
HIJIKATA: Trade with me.
HANANO: And who's the one who was talking about desecrating the dead?!
HIJIKATA: Where's the leader?!
HANANO: Bandits continue to be defeated thanks to the elder.
HANANO: The conclusion has come!
HANANO: What is this power that rivals even that of the elder?!
OKITA: It's the king.
HANANO: It's the hero Okita! It's the hero Okita!
GINTOKI: What do you mean you bought a king?!\NWhat in the world did you do?!
BANDIT B: You bastard!
BANDIT C: You punks!!
HANANO: Why won't any of you fight with regular weapons?!
GINTOKI: Crap! I never thought you would bring a king.
GINTOKI: The elder is nothing in comparison\NAt this rate
HANANO: Whoa! There's suddenly a giant hole in the roof of the cave!
GINTOKI: It's the dark lord! She has the dark lord!
KAGURA: The OwEe is mine!
OKITA: You've got to be kidding?! Its cheating to use the dark lord.
OKITA: That's not fair! He's not a weapon! Die!
GINTOKI: Damn it! I won't lose! I'll show you the elder's true power!
GINTOKI: This is bad. I have to take a piss. Hold on! Time out! Pee time.
HIJIKATA: What's the deal with this gorilla-like guy?! Are you the leader?!
NEWSCASTER: {\a6}Sale of the new OwEe game console has been halted due to the discovery of a serious flaw.
GINTOKI: Video games should only be played for an hour a day.
ENDING CREDITSCAPTION: [Thank you for your support for the past two years. Please continue to support us (excluding certain areas).]
GINTOKI: The next episode: The one hundredth episode!
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: I've cornered you. There is\Nnowhere for you to escape.
GINTOKI: I guess it's about time for JUMP to cultivate a\Ntalent who can surpass "One Park" or "Belt."
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: One Park is a parody of One Piece. Belt is a parody of Naruto. Hanger Hanger is a parody of HUNTER x HUNTER which has a habit of taking long hiatuses.]
GINTOKI: it's about time for the next genius to appear\Nin JUMP within the ten-year cycle.
KONISHI: I'd like to hear more.
KONISHI: What's the problem with "Gintaman"?\NI think it's fairly good. I like it.
GINTOKI: You shouldn't read this kind of\Nmanga. It'll stunt your growth.
KONISHI: I'm asking you what the problem\Nis with Gintaman.
GINTOKI: It's the editor's fault.
KONISHI: That's how an amateur thinks.
KONISHI: The editor can only help lead the manga\Nauthor's manga into AKAMARU JUMP.
KONISHI: {\q1}[Note: New SHONEN JUMP artist manga are often debuted in AKAMARU JUMP. If the manga becomes popular it is serialized in SHONEN JUMP.]
GINTOKI: he should at least be able to stop him\Nfrom going in the wrong direction.
GINTOKI: He doesn't know what he's doing.
GINTOKI: but don't understand the hearts of boys.
KONISHI: Are you proud of your job?
KONISHI: Hello. Thanks for calling. This is Konishi\Nof JUMP's editorial department.
KONISHI: Are you enjoying your work?
KONISHI: Do you like your job?
EDITOR IN CHIEF: Konishi!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: You can't jump into the gutter just because you\Nrun out of decent ideas! That's not professional!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: I can see you've reached\Nthe limit of your abilities!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: My hair is falling out because of you!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: I can't tell people I part my hair in the\Nmiddle anymore! You hear me?!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: Look over there!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: [Note: C.Clay-Man is a parody of D.Gray-Man.\NPeth Note is a parody of Death Note.]
EDITOR IN CHIEF: You're like a junior high student\Nboth in height and work.
EDITOR IN CHIEF: People like you usually have small...
EDITOR IN CHIEF: You have a big pecker!\NEven that makes me angry!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: Listen! If your next reader survey\Ncomes up with the lowest score...
EDITOR IN CHIEF: ...no longer be needed for JUMP!
KONISHI: Why have things changed so much?
KONISHI: Why do I have to languish like this?
KONISHI: The reason I joined Shueisha wasn't because\NI wanted to help JUMP or anything like that.
KONISHI: I just wanted to work in the MEN'S NON-NO editorial\Ndepartment and write about today's fashion trends...
KONISHI: [Note: Men's Non-No is a fashion\Nmagazine for men.]
KONISHI: I wanted to become a modern city boy\Nand be surrounded by models...
KONISHI: ...eat a lot of sushi in Ginza...
KONISHI: ...and party in nightclubs every night.
KONISHI: and I have to work on this\Nkind of shabby manga.
KONISHI: I didn't understand it. I didn't\Nwant to understand it.
GINTOKI: Give me a break. It makes me sick.
GINTOKI: Really... I wonder what\Nthe editor was thinking.
GINTOKI: Please don't foul up my JUMP anymore.\NI want to read more story-like comics.
GINTOKI: Like "White Devils" or "Bat Sider."
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of "Black Angels" and "God Sider".\NBoth were serialized in Shonen JUMP in the 80s. ]
KONISHI: Then you do the editing!!\NDo it if you can!!
KONISHI: I wish sub-culture magazines like "Quick Japan" or\N"Studio Voice" would do special features about me.
KONISHI: {\q1}[Note: Yoichi Shibuya is the CEO of Rockin' On and known for his long behind-the-scenes interviews with musicians and artists.]
KONISHI: I want to be interviewed about\Nbehind-the-scenes news
KONISHI: But... But!
KONISHI: I have to be in charge of "Gintaman"\Nand "Maison de Gin-Gin"!
KONISHI: [Note: Maison de Gin-Gin is a parody\Nof Maison de Penguin in JUMP.]
KONISHI: Why do I have to work\Nfor uncool manga?!
KONISHI: Shut up! It's too late! That guy already\Nwent back to his parent's home.
KONISHI: He went back and is working as a\Ncashier at a convenience store!
GINTOKI: D-Don't worry! He'll definitely return\Nto JUMP in a report manga.
KONISHI: [Note: Special report manga are\Noften only for the magazine.]
KONISHI: Then it won't be a comic book anymore!
KONISHI: ...I'm inadequate for this job.
KONISHI: I know it... I've known it.
KONISHI: but it was just so I could talk about\Nthe same subject with my friends.
KONISHI: I never thought manga was fun.
KONISHI: There's no way someone like me could\Nproduce manga that people enjoy.
KONISHI: It makes sense that I'd\Nget fired. That's right.
KONISHI: I wasn't the right person for this\Njob from the very beginning.
KONISHI: Someone like me is just right\Nfor MEN'S NON-NO.
KONISHI: Or at least "Subaru" or "Myojo."\NJUMP is just out of the question.
KONISHI: {\q1}[Note: Subaru is a literary magazine and Myojo is a magazine for popular boy bands and actors. Both published by Shueisha.]
GINTOKI: What about monthly JUMP?
KONISHI: It's already discontinued.
KONISHI: [Note: Monthly Shonen Jump\Nwas discontinued in 2007.]
GINTOKI: Let me do it.
GINTOKI: I've been reading JUMP for twenty years.
GINTOKI: I know.
KONISHI: You sound like you'll talk all about it!
KONISHI: Good morning.
KONISHI: They stay at home more than the average\Nperson and don't have time to clean up.
GINTOKI: Are you serious?
GINTOKI: I thought it was common for them to\Nlive in homes with spiral staircases.
KONISHI: Most manga authors' houses look like this.
AMACHI: Uho.
AMACHI: Uho.
GINTOKI: But Haraki-sensei of "Gyo Gyo's Wonderful Adventure"\Nis handsome and doesn't grow old.
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Gyo Gyo's is a parody of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure by Toshiyuki Araki. Hirohiko is known for his appearance not changing for nearly 20 years.]
AMACHI: Uho.
GINTOKI: ...That's the basic concept.
GINTOKI: Then I'll tell you what.
KONISHI: [Note: Gin means silver in Japanese.]
AMACHI: Uho.
GINTOKI: Fine. Are you guys stupid or something?
GINTOKI: The manga is basically black and white.
GINTOKI: Why did you use color\Nto make it stand out?!
AMACHI: Uho...
GINTOKI: For example... Can you tell who this is?
KONISHI: Ah! Yes! Yes! Zoffy of One Park!
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Luffy from One Piece.]
GINTOKI: What about this?
KONISHI: Ah! It's Luke of Peth Note!
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Ryuk from Death Note.]
GINTOKI: The next?
KONISHI: Jugo of Pleach! That's right!
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Ichigo from Bleach.]
KONISHI: They're all identifiable from\Njust their silhouettes!
GINTOKI: And how about this?
KONISHI: Gochu of Dragon Bozu.
KONISHI: [Parody of Goku from Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: Bu bu. That's wrong.
KONISHI: What?! That's Gochu! That's\Ndefinitely Gochu!
AMACHI: Uho!
GINTOKI: The answer is...
GINTOKI: ...Ginta-san.
AMACHI: U-Uho.
GINTOKI: Huh? Dragon...what? Stop saying\Nthings that I can't understand.
KONISHI: so we can't suddenly change the\Nvisual look of the main character
GINTOKI: Or he had a perm explosion... Boom!
AMACHI: Uho!
KONISHI: We already had something\Nridiculous like that before!
KONISHI: Hey! You're pursuing this\Nsubject all by yourself!
GINTOKI: Right... Like One Park's Chichibukai.\NOr Belt's "Bakazuki."
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Parody of Shichibukia and The Seven Warlords of the sea from One Piece and Bankai from Bleach and the Akatsuki from Naruto.]
GINTOKI: so he becomes more exciting.
KONISHI: Hmm...
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Hijikata.]
KONISHI: Sometimes he hunts down Ginta-san\Nand sometimes he helps him.
GINTOKI: Don't make me repeat the same\Nthing so many times.
GINTOKI: Are you guys stupid or something?
GINTOKI: Shut up and die.
GINTOKI: Nothing to worry about.
KONISHI: I doubt it!
KONISHI: Um... Pickle-san.
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Piccolo from Dragon Ball.]
KONISHI: That shiny head belongs\Nto Tenshindon-san.
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Tien Shinhan from Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: And this?
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Vegeta from Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: Bu bu. That's wrong.
GINTOKI: The answer is...
GINTOKI: ...it's Ginta-san.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Super Saiyan from Dragon Ball.]
KONISHI: Why?! Why is Ginta-san here again?!
KONISHI: Why are you asking such\Ntricky questions?!
KONISHI: What was the point of talking\Nabout rival characters?!
KONISHI: And why did he turn into\Na Super Yasain?!
KONISHI: Why is he steadily getting stronger?!
AMACHI: Uho
KONISHI: Why did you answer such\Na tricky question?!
KONISHI: Stop smiling! This isn't a quiz!
GINTOKI: That's the real thrill of a boy's manga.
KONISHI: Then what's the meaning\Nof this discussion?!
GINTOKI: Then they become friends\Nwithout knowing it.
GINTOKI: And he makes a new friend.
KONISHI: Hey! One person is missing! Namcha?!\NIs that Namcha?
KONISHI: [Note: Parody of Yamcha from Dragon Ball.]
KONISHI: Hey! Let him in! Let Namcha\Njoin in the JUMP formula!
GINTOKI: The next thing is... Let's talk\Nabout the comedy part.
KONISHI: Namcha!
AMACHI: Uhoho!
GINTOKI: However...
GINTOKI: Please take a look at this.
AMACHI: Uho?
KONISHI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Watch.
KONISHI: Why?! Why is Ginta-san here again?!
KONISHI: Why are you asking such\Ntricky questions?!
KONISHI: What was the point of talking\Nabout rival characters?!
KONISHI: And why did he turn into\Na Super Yasain?!
KONISHI: Why is he steadily getting stronger?!
KONISHI: This isn't manga. It's what I said earlier!
GINTOKI: Watch.
KONISHI: Why?!
KONISHI: Why is Ginta-san here again?!
KONISHI: Why are you asking such\Ntricky questions?!
KONISHI: What was the point of talking\Nabout rival characters?!
KONISHI: And why did he turn into\Na Super Yasain?!
KONISHI: Why is he steadily getting stronger?!
GINTOKI: Watch.
KONISHI: Why?! Why is Ginta-san here again?!
KONISHI: Why are you asking such\Ntricky questions?!
KONISHI: What was the point of talking\Nabout rival characters?!
KONISHI: And why did he turn into\Na Super Yasain?!
KONISHI: Why is he steadily getting stronger?!
GINTOKI: See? You said "WHY?"\Nfour times in one cut.
GINTOKI: It encourages the reader to actually think about\Nthe joke and the straight man's explanation.
GINTOKI: It helps suck the reader in. But when\Nyou try to explain everything...
GINTOKI: Watch.
KONISHI: Why?! Why is Ginta-san here again?!
KONISHI: Why are you asking such\Ntricky questions?!
KONISHI: What was the point of talking\Nabout rival characters?!
KONISHI: And why did he turn into\Na Super Yasain?!
KONISHI: Why is he steadily getting stronger?!
GINTOKI: You've obviously lost your\Neffectiveness as a straight man
GINTOKI: and have become plain\Nannoying instead...
KONISHI: Stop! Fine! Kill me! Everything\Nwill be all right if I die!
KONISHI: Aren't you just pointing out my faults?
GINTOKI: This is Ginta-san.
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: "Dondake" is a popular catch phrase used by gay people in Japan. Literally means "WTF?!" Similar to American gay people who snap their fingers and say "Oh no you didn't!"]
GINTOKI: It's something like that.\NI invented that phrase recently.
GINTOKI: It can cover almost all\Nfunny-man situations.
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: What kind of comedy is that?!
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: D-Dondake!
GINTOKI: One more time.
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: Say it once more!
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: Everybody say it!
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: Everybody say it!
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
KONISHI: Dondake!
MC: And this year's top buzzword is...
MC: Dondake!
REPORTER: Here we have Kohei Konishi-san\Nwho created "Dondake!"
REPORTER: He is from the weekly Shonen\NJUMP editorial department.
KONISHI: I just worked hard and it\Ncame about naturally.
KONISHI: So I don't know what to say.
KONISHI: But...I have just one thing\Nto say to young people.
AMACHI: Uho.
KONISHI: Whatever... No one can overcome\Nsomeone who loves his work.
YOSHIZAWA: Tsk... I lost...
EDITOR IN CHIEF: Humph!
EDITOR IN CHIEF: I look forward to seeing\Nyou at this new level.
EDITOR IN CHIEF: Konishi.
KONISHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: It's still so boring...
[Original story by: [Original story by: Hideaki Amachi]
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: The GinTama anime is barely\Nentering its third year.
GINTOKI: Gintaman for one month\Nstarting next week.
SHINPACHI: Dondake!
GINTOKI: Do you know when today's story\Nran as manga in JUMP?
GINTOKI: It was in June of last year.
GINTOKI: Even Shinpachi feels really ashamed\Nwhen repeating "Dondake!" now.
GINTOKI: He's really embarrassed.
KAGURA: I see. Shinpachi feels very embarrassed\Nright now. He's super embarrassed.
SHINPACHI: Dondake! I won't say it!\NI'll never say it again!
SHINPACHI: I'm embarrassed! But I have no choice!
SHINPACHI: We'll be called in by the\Ntop people again!
SHINPACHI: I don't know what "regular" even means.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: The GinTama Anime starts its third year!
ENDING CREDITSHINPACHI: Huh? Is it over?
PREVIEWHIJIKATA: It's a familiar uniform... and a familiar\Nstance... But his face is...
HIJIKATA: You're...
NEXT TITLE: ["Rules Are Made to be Broken"]
 Name:  Text
YAMAZAKI: Ah-hem.
YAMAZAKI: I just happened to pass by. By chance...
OKITA: Hmm... Is this sword that great?
OKITA: What's that stick? Yamazaki... What\Nis that? Did you buy that?
OKITA: It almost looks rusted.
A/B: Wow! This first-class stuff\Nis really amazing!
A/B: It sounds completely different!\NThe deep bass is amazing!
KONDO: You guys are using such cheap swords?\NA sword is a samurai's soul.
OKITA: We should work harder and hope to some\Nday own stuff on your kind of level.
OKITA: There!
KONDO: Kotetsu!
KONDO: You! You definitely did that on purpose!
KONDO: You were jealous of my Kotetsu-chan...\NYou were jealous!
HIJIKATA: I'm not going to say a sword\Nis a samurai's soul.
HIJIKATA: And that's the most important\Nthing to me.
HIJIKATA: Most important of all is a sword that can\Nbreak through the enemy's blade.
SWORDSMITH: It seems you're overdoing\Nit as rashly as ever.
SWORDSMITH: but humans don't work that way.
SWORDSMITH: you'll end up being broken in two\Npretty soon. That's what I meant.
HIJIKATA: This looks like a good sword.
SWORDSMITH: You can't use that one.
SWORDSMITH: That sword comes with a story behind it.
HIJIKATA: What? You mean I can listen to music with\Nit or it can be used as a floor cleaner?
SWORDSMITH: There's no question that sword\Nis terribly sharp. However...
SWORDSMITH: It's cursed.
HIJIKATA: Cursed? You've got to be kidding me.
SWORDSMITH: An ordinary sword user will be consumed\Nby the soul of that sword.
SWORDSMITH: You won't able to handle it.
SWORDSMITH: ...Will you listen to my old\Nstory for a moment?
SWORDSMITH: It's a tragic tale of a reincarnated\Ndemonic sword...
HIJIKATA: But I didn't listen to it.
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: You must be Shinsengumi Vice-Chief\NToshiro Hijikata-dono.
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: are here to bring punishment\Nfrom heaven!
 HIJI: (M)This is a chance to test it out.
 HIJI: (M)Let me see how this cursed\Ndemonic sword works.
HIJIKATA: Here we go!
HIJIKATA: I'm sorry!
 HIJI: (M)Huh? What's this...?
 HIJI: (M)Wh-What am I doing? My body\Nis moving on its own...
 HIJI: (M)My mouth is moving on its own...
HIJIKATA: I'm sorry! My life! Please spare me!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: Who's this pathetic guy?!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: That's Toshiro Hijikata!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: The man who is feared as the Demon\NVice-Chief! How miserable!
 HIJI: (M)Wh-Wh-What's wrong with me?!\NMy body doesn't respond at all!
SWORDSMITH: An ordinary sword user will be consumed\Nby the soul of that sword.
 HIJI: (M)Don't tell me... This...?!
 HIJI: (M)Why is the demonic sword's curse making\Nme act this way?! That's ridiculous...!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: but we'll be paying you back for\Neverything you did to us before!
HIJIKATA: Y-You bastard!
HIJIKATA: Um... Please forgive\Nme by accepting this.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Suica is a rechargeable IC card used\Nas a fare card on train lines in Japan.]
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN A: Don't screw with us!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN B: What's with this guy?!\NHe's flip-flopping his personality!
 HIJI: (M)This is bad... There's something\Ntotally wrong with me...
 HIJI: (M)I'm a goner...
 HIJI: (M)As things are...
 HIJI: (M)I'll be finished...
ITO: Hey!
 HIJI: (M)A familiar uniform.
 HIJI: (M)A familiar stance.
 HIJI: (M)But his face is...
ITO: Hijikata-kun?
HIJIKATA: You're...
KONDO: A toast to Kamotaro Ito-kun's\Nreturn. Cheers!
ALL: Cheers!
KONDO: But that many weapons...
KONDO: I wonder how you got those stingy people in\Nthe government to loosen their purse strings!
ITO: All you have to do is just explain that the government\Nwill profit by making expenditures on us...
ITO: they're pertinacious people who don't care\Nabout our hardships and groveling.
KONDO: That's right! That's absolutely right!
KONDO: They're pertinacious! They really are!
KONDO: You shut up! Kids should be quiet!
ITO: We can't stay in a smoldering\Nplace like this.
ITO: We have to move forward! We must\Nwork toward a higher goal!
ITO: I believe that saving this confused country is\Nthe mission for those of us born as samurai.
ITO: I'm rising to fame so fast\Nthat it threatens you.
HIJIKATA: That's good. It seems we have cleared\Nup any misunderstandings.
ITO: An eyesore...
HIJIKATA: It's even more than that.
KONDO: Toshi...
KONDO: I heard about you from Ito Sensei.
KONDO: That was a stroke of bad\Nluck. How's your injury?
KONDO: Toshi...
KONDO: we're able to act more like\Nsamurai than real samurai.
KONDO: and even battle preparation.
KONDO: These are the strict laws that govern us.
KONDO: That's your image of the ideal samurai.
KONDO: We all agree.
KONDO: Everyone models himself after\Nyou. Everyone watches you.
HIJIKATA: ...He's quite a guy.
HIJIKATA: I already told you to stop\Ncalling him "Sensei."
HIJIKATA: are you going to share your position as\Nhead of the Shinsengumi with him?
HIJIKATA: Need I remind you that members are\Nunsure about how to treat him.
KONDO: Are you saying that Ito Sensei is trying\Nto take over the Shinsengumi?
HIJIKATA: Who knows?
HIJIKATA: But ever since he got here he's done nothing\Nbut gather allies and influence.
HIJIKATA: ...It's obvious he's up to something.
HIJIKATA: He's not as powerful as he wants\Nto be and he's not satisfied.
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san... If a snake has two heads...
HIJIKATA: ...one either has to rot and fall off or the\Nensuing feud will split the body in two.
KONDO: I believe that Ito Sensei is a crucial\Nman for the Shinsengumi.
KONDO: We're doing this to protect Edo and\Nto stick to the ways of the samurai.
KONDO: I've never thought of you\Nguys as my followers.
HIJIKATA: Pretty words won't help manage\Nthe organization...!
KONDO: Toshi!
TOMOE: [Note: Parody of Sailor Moon]
HIJIKATA: Damn it! It's already started! I forgot\Nto record it! Tomoe-chan!
HIJIKATA: My body...again...
HIJIKATA: What am I watching?!
TOMOE: Punishment is complete.
YAMAZAKI: It's impossible that something\Nlike that could happen.
YAMAZAKI: He would rather die than\Ndo something like that.
YAMAZAKI: He's the demon Vice-Chief.\NThe "demon."
YAMAZAKI: Hijikata prefers MAGAZINE.
HIJIKATA: Let me see that.
YAMAZAKI: [Note: Yankee manga is a genre\Nwhere bad boys fight others.]
YAMAZAKI: V-Vice-Chief! Wh-When did you...?!
YAMAZAKI: The thickness of the book is about the\Nsame...so I bought it by mistake!
HIJIKATA: Hey!
HIJIKATA: To Love-Ru is really great.
HIJIKATA: [Note: "ToLove" is a manga in JUMP.]
HIJIKATA: I'm going to buy the manga.
YAMAZAKI: [Note: "Boys be" is a manga in\NWeekly Shonen MAGAZINE.]
SQUAD MEMBER E: Damn it! My cell phone...!
SQUAD MEMBER F: You idiot!
SQUAD MEMBER F: you'll have to commit seppuku\Naccording to the Kyukuchu Hatto.
HIJIKATA: [Note: The Pretty Cure (a magical\Ngirl series) song is playing.]
HIJIKATA: Yesright now? No problem.
HIJIKATA: Huh? The limited-edition DVD\NBOX comes with a figurine?
SQUAD MEMBER G: Hey! Spit it out! I'm asking you\Nwhere your headquarters is!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN C: I won't sell out my own\Ncomrades! Kill me!
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN C: I'd rather die like a samurai\Nthan shame myself!
SQUAD MEMBER G: We'll make you feel like youre in a\Nhell worse than death from now on.
SQUAD MEMBER G: Work him over! Please.
SQUAD MEMBER G: Y-Yes.
SQUAD MEMBER H: He's a really scary guy
SQUAD MEMBER G: the interrogation room becomes\Ncompletely silent.
SQUAD MEMBER G: even the bravest men start crying\Nand spit out everything.
SQUAD MEMBER H: Wh-What's going on inside?
SQUAD MEMBER G: Just take a peek. You'll see hell on earth.
HIJIKATA: What? Is there anyone you like?
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN C: Not really. I don't have anyone.
ANTI FOREIGNER RONIN C: All right! I'll tell you then! But don't\Ntell anyone! It's a secret.
SQUAD MEMBER: Is this a school trip or something?
HIJIKATA: That's how it goes.
HIJIKATA: It looks like Im really cursed.
HIJIKATA: Thats why I didn't want to tell you.
HIJIKATA: The weak side inside everyone\Ngets awakened by this sword.
HIJIKATA: That's right; I'm always like this
OKITA: Then why don't you just throw\Naway that cursed sword?
HIJIKATA: And the old man at the swordsmiths\Nisn't there anymore.
OKITA: Then are you trying to saythat's the reason\Nyou had a fight with Kondo-san?
HIJIKATA: I wish I could say that
OKITA: Ito-san will take away your\Nvice-chief position.
HIJIKATA: No time for that now.
OKITA: Hijikata-san
OKITA: Go buy me a Yakisoba pan.
OKITA: [Note: Yakisoba pan is noodles in a hot dog bun.]
KONDO: Toshi is late. It's already past the time.
KONDO: This is a really important meeting
ITO: Kondo-san.
ITO: This is a good opportunity. I was going\Nto bring him up for discussion.
ITO: I think youve already heard\Nabout his recent behavior.
ITO: He broke the Kyokuchu Hatto\Nrules more than ten times.
ITO: And yet he created those\Nrules for the members.
KONDO: He must have something\Nexceedingly important
ITO: I'm not only talking about\Nthis particular case.
ITO: That's why I want to give\Nhim some candid advice.
ITO: other members will do the same.
ITO: A pack of wolves that has lost its discipline\Nwill be like sheep without a shepherd.
ITO: He's the one who deserves\Nstrict punishment!
KONDO: Hold on! Toshi will definitely
 HIJI: (M)D-Damn it! I was trapped!
 HIJI: (M)Those guyswere working together!
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWITO: That you would be on my\Nside. What do you desire?
OKITA: Naturallythe Vice-Chief position.
NEXT TITLE: ["Otaku Are Talkative"]
 Name:  Text
EMCEE: The number of apathetic young\Npeople is steadily on the rise.
EMCEE: The people known as "Otaku" are said to\Nbe NEETs and hikikomori in the making.
EMCEE: Today we have gathered one hundred\Nself-proclaimed otaku.
EMCEE: What do they think when they withdraw\Ninto their inner world?
EMCEE: We will find out what they're really like!!
EMCEE: Otaku Summit: A Live\NDebate Till Morning!
KAGURA: Oh no! It's started...
KAGURA: Huh? This is odd...
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
KAGURA: I've got to tape Shinpachi's gallantry.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi?
SHINPACHI: First off...
SHINPACHI: I'd like to correct the notion that all otaku\Nare hikikomori and NEETs in the making.
GINTOKI: What is he doing?
OTAKU31: Well...
SHINPACHI: This show attempts to criticize and blame otaku\Nfor causing Japan's current problems...
GINTOKI: What's this? He's become\Na really annoying guy!
GINTOKI: I'm sure the viewers definitely hate him!
SHINPACHI: But what I don't understand is...
SHINPACHI: People who are in love with two-dimensional\Ngirls from anime and games.
SHINPACHI: A two-dimensional girl can never be attained\Neven if you're in love with her.
SHINPACHI: It's a waste of time.
OTAKU A: No way! Shiori-chan is alive in my heart!
EMCEE: Go right ahead.
HIJIKATA: that three-dimensional otaku are more realistic\Nthan us two-dimensional otaku.
HIJIKATA: Do you think supporting a pop idol\Nwill help you get one to marry you?
SHINPACHI: Well...
HIJIKATA: We're in the same boat.
SHINPACHI: It's 100 percent impossible for you.
HIJIKATA: is absolute proof that you're\Nnot being realistic.
KAGURA: {\i1}Number 7 sure is annoying.
FAN CLUB MEMBER A: How dare you talk to\Nour captain like that?!
ANIME OTAKU: What did you say?!
EMCEE: Whoa! The two-dimensional fans and the three-dimensional\Nfans have begun fighting each other.
KAGURA: It's done.
KAGURA: It's nicely melted!!
GINTOKI: You were toasting bread?
GINTOKI: Huh? That guy...
GINTOKI: I've seen him somewhere...
ITO: How unexpected.
ITO: I heard that you two knew each other\Nbefore the Shinsengumi was formed.
ITO: I completely thought that you\Nwere part of Hijikata's faction.
OKITA: Hijikata's faction?
OKITA: I wasn't aware that such\Na faction ever existed.
ITO: You're a smart man.
ITO: What do you want?
OKITA: Naturally...
OKITA: the Vice-Chief position.
ITO: grant you that wish.
SHINOHARA: Is that all right?
ITO: It doesn't matter.
ITO: Shinohara-kun...
ITO: Do you think I've started this silly\Npower struggle with that man
ITO: just so I could become Vice-Chief?
SHINPACHI: Umm... I'm sorry.
SHINPACHI: I never expected you to be there...
SHINPACHI: H-Hijikata-san.
HIJIKATA: Tomoe 5000 is safe.
SHINPACHI: Th-Thank you very much.
GINTOKI: Umm... What? Are you\Nreally Hijikata-san?
HIJIKATA: [Note: Otaku often call each other by their\Nlast names and the suffix "shi"  (Mr./Ms.)]
GINTOKI: Mr. Sakata?
HIJIKATA: As you can see...
HIJIKATA: I am the real Toshiro Hijikata de gozaru.
GINTOKI: Gozaru?
HIJIKATA: That Chinese outfit!
HIJIKATA: Are you dressed up as Magical\NGirl Chinese Papaya?
HIJIKATA: [Note: Refers to "Maho Shojo Chukana Paipai."\NA live action girly series from the late 80's.]
HIJIKATA: That's incredibly accurate.\NCould I take your picture?
HIJIKATA: Nice. That's good. One more.
GINTOKI: Why are you bashful?
SHINPACHI: He's the real Hijikata-san...but\Nhe's like a totally different person.
SHINPACHI: Anyway... Hijikata-san...
SHINPACHI: Umm... What happened to work?
HIJIKATA: Work?
SHINPACHI: What? You quit the Shinsengumi?!\NWhy?!
SHINPACHI: Really?! Is that true?!
HIJIKATA: I think working is for losers.
SHINPACHI: He's a NEET!! He's thinking\Nlike a NEET!!
GINTOKI: Who are you calling a NEET?\NDon't group us with them.
HIJIKATA: How about it? Do you want\Nto form a group with me?
HIJIKATA: Want to make some money\Nat the Summer Comiket?
HIJIKATA: [Note: Summer Comiket is a Convention\Nfor dojinshi (amateur comics).]
GINTOKI: This won't sell!! This looks\Nlike a kid drew it!!
HIJIKATA: I'm stumped. I used up most\Nof my savings on a figurine.
HIJIKATA: I guess I have to sell my sword.
SHINPACHI: He's really pathetic! He's trying to sell\Nhis samurai soul to get a figurine!!
HIJIKATA: Oh! Do you think that maybe I'll\Nwake up in the morning to find
HIJIKATA: this demonic sword has changed into\Na beautiful girl sleeping next to me?
TETSUKO: This blade pattern on the\Nfront and the back...
TETSUKO: There's no mistake. This is Muramasha.
TETSUKO: [Note: Spoof of legendary evil sword "Muramasa."]
GINTOKI: Muramasha?
TETSUKO: [Note: Spoof of legendary swordsmith\N"Senko Muramasa."]
TETSUKO: It is said to cut incredibly well.
TETSUKO: It is also known as a demonic sword\Nthat devours human souls.
HIJIKATA: A demonic sword? Is it really\Na demonic sword?!
HIJIKATA: Will a beautiful girl come out of it?!
TETSUKO: Well... Umm...
SHINPACHI: A demonic sword?
TETSUKO: It apparently harbors the grudge\Nof a hikikomori boy
TETSUKO: who was slain by his mother\Nwith the Muramasha.
GINTOKI: What kind of demonic sword is that?!
TETSUKO: And always watched anime. But he said\Nhe wanted to go on a school trip.
TETSUKO: Muramasha is the sword she used.
TETSUKO: Those who carry Muramasha\Nat their sides
TETSUKO: will become possessed by the\Ngrudge of the hikikomori son.
TETSUKO: But there are many counterfeits\Nof this sword.
TETSUKO: there's an even lower chance that\Nit's the sword of legend. But...
TETSUKO: If this is the real demon sword...
TETSUKO: There may not be anything left\Nof that man's original soul.
TETSUKO: It's likely the demonic sword has devoured him\Nand he's already become a different person.
TETSUKO: He'll probably never return\Nto his former self.
ITO: What do you think is the greatest\Nmisfortune for a warrior?
ITO: It's the misfortune of not\Nbeing understood.
ITO: No matter how much skill you have...
ITO: You will never be given food\Nthat is suited for your stature.
ITO: There is no greater misfortune.
ITO: Like Li Mu of Zhao and Yue\NFei of Southern Song...
ITO: There were many great generals who\Nfaded away along with their skills...
ITO: While serving stupid rulers.
ITO: I went along with the times and even associated\Nwith Anti-Foreigner Faction members.
ITO: I never thought that I\Nwould find it here.
ITO: That man understands me the most.
ITO: That man knows I'm too good\Nfor the Shinsengumi.
ITO: He knows that I will not end\Nup serving the likes of Kondo.
ITO: He knows what I thirst for...
ITO: My greatest misfortune is that the person who\Nunderstands me the most is my enemy.
ITO: The most dangerous man is gone.
ITO: is to kill Isao Kondo and make\Nthe Shinsengumi mine.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)That man... It's as the Vice-Chief said...
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I need to tell the Vice-Chief... I need to\Nlet the Vice-Chief know immediately.
GINTOKI: You... Could it be?!
HIJIKATA: Of all the people to last see...
HIJIKATA: Listen up. This is my first\Nand last request for you.
YAMAZAKI: I never expected...
YAMAZAKI: Ito to be allied with them.
YAMAZAKI: I need to tell the Vice-Chief\Nimmediately...
YAMAZAKI: The Vice-Chief ...
HIJIKATA: Please...
HIJIKATA: The Shinsengumi...
HIJIKATA: Protect it...
HIJIKATA: Please...
CM BUMPERCM BUMPEROMITTEDYAMAZAKI: Y-You're...
YAMAZAKI: The Kiheitai... Swordsman...
YAMAZAKI: Bansai...Kawakami...
YAMAZAKI: I-Ito...
YAMAZAKI: You bastard...
YAMAZAKI: You were secretly associating\Nwith the enemy.
ITO: We must be smarter.
ITO: I'm sure it would be better for\Nus to work with each other.
ITO: We can become partners who work for each\Nother's profit and maintain balance.
ITO: The Shinsengumi won't become\Nany stronger if we
ITO: continue to do things the\Nway your superior does.
ITO: I will change the Shinsengumi.
ITO: It'll become stronger and bigger.
ITO: to take control of the country.
YAMAZAKI: Do what you want...
YAMAZAKI: But let me say this.
YAMAZAKI: We may be uneducated and can't\Ntell how skilled you are...
YAMAZAKI: But no one will follow an empty vessel\Nwith no bushido or principles.
YAMAZAKI: I'll follow them...
YAMAZAKI: Until the end...
ITO: You'll continue on struggling to inform them\Nof what you've discovered until the very end.
ITO: I'll give you the honor of dying in a battle\Nagainst an Anti-Foreigner Faction member.
ITO: Aren't you glad? You can maintain\Nthat bushido you love so much.
ITO: I'll be sure to tell that to your superiors.
ITO: They'll be headed to where\Nyou're going soon enough.
SHINPACHI: There's something going on within\Nthe Shinsengumi right now.
SHINPACHI: Is that it?
SHINPACHI: Do you think Hijikata-san was fired from\Nthe Shinsengumi because of that?
GINTOKI: Let's avoid getting involved any further.
SHINPACHI: But Hijikata-san asked us\Nof all people to help him.
SHINPACHI: Hijikata is very prideful.
SHINPACHI: and ask someone to do something for\Nhim... It must be pretty serious...
HIJIKATA: Umm...
HIJIKATA: A rare limited-edition figurine\Nis going on sale tomorrow.
HIJIKATA: It's limited to one per customer.
GINTOKI: You should get some shame\Nand self-respect!
KAGURA: To use? What are you\Nplanning to use it for?!
SHINPACHI: I feel stupid for worrying about you!!
SQUAD MEMBER D: Vice-Chief ...
SQUAD MEMBER E: We finally found you.
SQUAD MEMBER E: Come back to the squad immediately.
SHINPACHI: What happened?
SQUAD MEMBER D: Yamazaki-san... Yamazaki-san...
SHINPACHI: Y-Yamazaki-san?!
SQUAD MEMBER D: By that time...
SQUAD MEMBER D: Anyway...
SQUAD MEMBER D: Come back with us to the headquarters.
HIJIKATA: Huh?
SQUAD MEMBER D: Now's not the time to be saying that.
SQUAD MEMBER D: Vice-Chief...
SQUAD MEMBER D: Come join Yamazaki...
SQUAD MEMBER D: Damn! They got away!
SQUAD MEMBER E: After them!!
HIJIKATA: the shoulder portion of my denim\Njacket is grinding into me!!
HIJIKATA: My arms feel like they're going to\Nrip off just like Guts from Berserk!!
GINTOKI: Shut up!! You be quiet!!
GINTOKI: What was the meaning of that?!
SHINPACHI: Why is the Shinsengumi after Hijikata?!
HIJIKATA: Mr. Sakata!
HIJIKATA: This is like the return of Miss\NArale from Dr. Slump...
GINTOKI: Shut up!! Someone shut this guy up!!
GINTOKI: This is Third Squad. This is Third\NSquad. Come in. Over.
SQUAD MEMBER H: Did you find Hijikata?
SQUAD MEMBER H: Uh-huh?
SQUAD MEMBER H: Do whatever it takes to kill him.
SQUAD MEMBER H: Get rid of all the dangerous elements\Nbefore we assassinate Kondo.
SHINPACHI: They're planning to assassinate\NKondo-san and Hijikata-san?!
SQUAD MEMBER H: Don't let any other squad members\Naside from us find out.
SQUAD MEMBER H: Make it look as if Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members did it.
SQUAD MEMBER H: Kondo's assassination\Nlooks to be a success.
SQUAD MEMBER H: All of the squad members\Nwith him are allied with us.
SQUAD MEMBER H: He's by himself...
SQUAD MEMBER H: going to hell.
KONDO: It's been a while since I've\Ngone back to Bushu.
KONDO: It was a rough place where\Nthere were always fights.
KONDO: Sometimes I get anxious.
KONDO: I could have been a better\Nguy back then.
KONDO: I could have advanced a little.
ITO: You're a wonderful samurai.
ITO: I've never met a person\Nmore honest than you.
ITO: I suppose I could call you immaculate.
ITO: You're like a white cloth.
ITO: You accept anything and\Nare colored by all colors.
ITO: The Shinsengumi
ITO: is a flag made of a white cloth onto which\Neveryone may project his colors.
ITO: Your flag has become pitch black.
KONDO: You say interesting things.
KONDO: I see. That would be true\Nif I were a white cloth.
KONDO: But I'm...
KONDO: a loincloth that's full of frizzy hair. A white flag?
KONDO: They can't be called a color.
KONDO: They're persistent and can't\Nbe removed by washing.
KONDO: I ended up becoming attached\Nto them. It's a real bother.
KONDO: They're uneducated and have no ideals.
KONDO: They act according to emotion\Nmore than logic.
KONDO: They're mysterious guys.
KONDO: can't control them.
KONDO: They can't be colored or\Naffected by anything.
ITO: You're supposed to be keeping watch.
OKITA: What are you doing?
SQUAD MEMBER I: Okita-kun...
SQUAD MEMBER I: How dare you talk like that to Ito Sensei?!
OKITA: Let go.
HIJIKATA: It's none of my concern...\NIt's of no concern...
 Name:  Text
YAMAZAKI: I never expected...
YAMAZAKI: Ito to be allied with them...
YAMAZAKI: I need to tell the Vice-Chief immediately.
YAMAZAKI: The Vice-Chief!
HIJIKATA: Please...
HIJIKATA: The Shinsengumi... My...\NOur Shinsengumi...
HIJIKATA: Protect it.
HIJIKATA: Please...
ITO: Your flag has become pitch black.
KONDO: You say interesting things.
KONDO: I don't know about those around you...
KONDO: But they're different.\NThey can't be called a color.
KONDO: They can't be colored or\Naffected by anything.
OKITA: What are you doing?
SQUAD MEMBER I: Okita-kun...
SQUAD MEMBER I: How dare you talk like that to Ito Sensei?!
OKITA: Let go.
KONDO: Sogo...
ITO: You were a spy who got close to me\Nto find out what I was going to do.
ITO: Your betrayal of Hijikata was\Nall an act to fool me.
OKITA: That wasn't an act.
OKITA: I told you... All I want is to be Vice-Chief.\NI'll crush anyone who gets in my way.
OKITA: I don't want to work under him\Nor you. I have only one boss.
OKITA: Out of the way! That spot\Nby his side is mine!!
ITO: How ill-natured. You used\Nme to get rid of Hijikata.
HIJIKATA: It's none of my concern...\NIt's none of my concern...
HIJIKATA: It's none of my concern...
HIJIKATA: It's none of my concern...\NIt's of no concern...
SHINPACHI: You hold dear!!
HIJIKATA: It's of no concern... It's\Nnone of my concern...
HIJIKATA: Please protect...
HIJIKATA: Our Shinsengumi...
GINTOKI: Umm... Hello? Can you hear\Nme you tax thieves?
GINTOKI: I'm not sure if it's the Ito faction\Nor the Mayonnaise faction...
GINTOKI: But I'm saying this to\Nall of you tax thieves!
GINTOKI: Immediately leave your posts and\Ngo after the train that Kondo's on.
GINTOKI: Might be killed.
GINTOKI: This is an order. Those\Nwho ignore this order...
GINTOKI: Will have to commit seppuku for\Nnot standing by their bushido.
GINTOKI: Who do you think you're\Ntalking to? Who am I?
GINTOKI: Humph!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: I'm sick of seeing that cowardly face.
GINTOKI: This is convenient.
GINTOKI: I'll send you to your grave.
HIJIKATA: No way! I'm not going!
GINTOKI: I wasn't talking to you!!
GINTOKI: Don't retreat and shove your\Nproblems onto other people!!
GINTOKI: Are you the type that asks\Nthings of others?
GINTOKI: shoves the fate of your Shinsengumi\Nonto someone else?
GINTOKI: die while swinging your sword along side\Nthe things that are important to you!!
GINTOKI: That's who you are!!
HIJIKATA: That hurts...
SHINPACHI: Could it be?
SHINPACHI: Could it be?!
ITO: Everyone on this train aside from\Nthose two are our allies.
KONDO: How can I make it up\Nto you? How can I...
KONDO: apologize to you...to Toshi?\NHow can I apologize?
KONDO: Sogo!!
OKITA: Kondo-san...
OKITA: Please stay here.
KONDO: No way!!
OKITA: that the bad thing about you is\Nthat you're too good a person.
OKITA: You believe anyone and\Nnever doubt them.
OKITA: Because you're like that...
OKITA: You're worth risking my life to protect.
KONDO: Sogo! Wait!!
KONDO: Sogo!!
ITO: Do you plan to fight us all by yourself?
ITO: You let Kondo escape and remained\Nbehind with the enemy.
ITO: Do you plan to die a heroic death?
ITO: We aren't the only ones\Non this battlefield.
ITO: Impossible... That's...
KAGURA: This is a raid!!
GINTOKI: All of you surrender quietly!!
ITO: Hijikata?!
ITO: Why is he here?!
GINTOKI: Can't you act cool for just a little longer?!
GINTOKI: you need to show them that their\NVice-Chief is still kicking!!
GINTOKI: You've got to be kidding me! You only\Nreverted back when you hit me?!
OKITA: Tsk... A bunch of eyesores\Nhave crawled out...
ITO: Hijikata...
OKITA: You're the ones who are\Ngoing to get wiped out.
OKITA: I see some faces I know.
OKITA: I hope you're prepared to\Ndie for joining that side.
OKITA: Shinsengumi Regulation Article 21...
OKITA: Those who have been secretly conspiring\Nwith the enemy shall be punished!
OKITA: I'll take down all of you.
ITO: Don't you see the situation you're in?
ITO: You're the rebel.
ITO: The laws that he created have\Nno meaning anymore.
ITO: Your Shinsengumi will disappear.
ITO: Get rid of him.
SQUAD MEMBER D: Yes!
OKITA: I shall give you your final lesson.
OKITA: it is best to overcome that power\Nwith sheer numbers.
OKITA: Synchronize your breathing.
OKITA: Build up spirit in your heart and body.
OKITA: When you are at your peak...
OKITA: Attack all at once!!
OKITA: And...!!
OKITA: Die.
GINTOKI: Are those Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members?
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san...
SHINPACHI: Where in the world is Kondo-san?!
KAGURA: There!
KAGURA: That car that's moving\Nfar behind the train!
KAGURA: All the enemies are headed there!
HIJIKATA: Are you planning to leave me here?!
HIJIKATA: That's as reckless as sending Mr. Yamcha\Nto Planet Namek by himself.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of Dragon Ball. Yamcha\Nis thought of as the weakest character.]
HIJIKATA: And leaving him to decide\Nthe fate of the universe!!
GINTOKI: It's all right! You're Vegeta!!\NYou can do it if you try!
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Dragon Ball. Vegeta\Nis one of the strong characters.]
HIJIKATA: Mr. Sakata!!
HARADA: Vice-Chief!!
HARADA: It's the Vice-Chief!
GINTOKI: So you've finally come.
GINTOKI: I was getting sick of taking care\Nof him. Take him already.
GINTOKI: He's caused us a lot of trouble.
GINTOKI: Have the shogunate transfer the\Nreward into my bank account.
GINTOKI: Something weird has happened\Nto your Vice-Chief.
KONDO: Those guys... Why?
KONDO: Why?!
KONDO: You idiot... Why are you...
KONDO: Why are you here?
KONDO: I treated you so badly.
KONDO: Why did you come all this way for me?
KONDO: Toshi!
KONDO: Huh?
KAGURA: It's no good. He's not here.
KONDO: What the hell do you think you're doing?!
KONDO: Could it be that you dragged\NToshi all the way here?
KONDO: This is impossible. You help us?
GINTOKI: It was his last request.
KONDO: His last request?
GINTOKI: His soul was devoured\Nby a demonic sword.
GINTOKI: He won't return ever again.
KONDO: A demonic sword?
KONDO: Toshi?!
TOMOE: Pretty Samurai Tomoe 5000 is here!
HIJIKATA: Damn it!!
GINTOKI: He asked us to protect the Shinsengumi.
GINTOKI: Our job ends here. I want you\Nto transfer the reward to me.
KONDO: I will... I'll give you all of my savings...
KONDO: Take Toshi and run away.
KONDO: It's my fault this happened.
KONDO: I don't want Toshi to get involved\Nin this battle in his current state.
KONDO: I ignored Toshi's advice to be wary of Ito.
KONDO: And entrusted the Shinsengumi to you.
KONDO: Tell all the cars to immediately\Nleave the battlefront.
KONDO: Isao Kondo has died in battle.
KONDO: I don't want my friends to fight\Neach other any more.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of the Space Battleship Yamato anime series.]
HIJIKATA: has been safely rescued.
HIJIKATA: Victory is within our grasp!
HIJIKATA: We shall get revenge on
HIJIKATA: that lawless bunch for besmirching\Nour Chief's name. Let me say this.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of GUNDAM series anime.]
HIJIKATA: They are all scum!
HIJIKATA: In the name of the moon...
HIJIKATA: [Spoof of Sailor Moon.]
HIJIKATA: We will punish them!!
HIJIKATA: Who am I? I'm Shinsengumi Vice-Chief...
HIJIKATA: Toshiro Hijikata nari!!
HIJIKATA: [Note: Suffix "Nari" was used by Samurai and by\NKorosuke in the Kiteretsu Daihyakka anime.]
SHINPACHI: HIjikata-san...
HIJIKATA: To not die.
HIJIKATA: Do whatever it takes to live.
HIJIKATA: No matter how humiliating it may be...
HIJIKATA: the Shinsengumi is not finished.
HIJIKATA: We joined the Shinsengumi because\Nwe wanted to be with you...
HIJIKATA: You're an idiot.
HIJIKATA: Don't think about such difficult things!
HIJIKATA: You should live the way you want to live.
HIJIKATA: We just have to protect\Nyou from everyone.
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san...
HIJIKATA: You are the soul of the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: We are the sword that protects you.
KONDO: Toshi...
ITO: You broke once before.\NWhat can you protect?
HIJIKATA: I have a sword right here.\NOne that cuts very well.
GINTOKI: What is it?
HIJIKATA: Don't talk as if you're so high and mighty.
GINTOKI: Draw it already!
HIJIKATA: Shut up!
HIJIKATA: I have one more thing to say to you.
HIJIKATA: Thank you!!
GINTOKI: Toshi? Is that Toshi?
HIJIKATA: I'm...
HIJIKATA: Shinsengumi Vice-Chief\NToshiro Hijikata!!
KAWAKAMI: It changed... The rhythm of that\Nman's soul has changed.
 Name:  Text
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of Space Battleship\NYamato series anime.]
HIJIKATA: has been safely rescued.
HIJIKATA: Victory is within our grasp!
HIJIKATA: We shall get revenge on
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of GUNDAM series anime.]
HIJIKATA: that lawless bunch for besmirching\Nour Chief's name. Let me say this.
HIJIKATA: They are all scum!
HIJIKATA: In the name of the moon...
HIJIKATA: [Note: Spoof of Sailor Moon.]
HIJIKATA: we will punish them!!
HIJIKATA: Who am I? I'm Shinsengumi\NVice-Chief...
HIJIKATA: Toshiro Hijikata nari!!
HIJIKATA: [Note: Suffix "Nari" was used by Samurai and by\NKorosuke in the Kiteretsu Daihyakka anime.]
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san...
HIJIKATA: To not die. Do whatever it takes to live.
HIJIKATA: No matter how humiliating it may be...
HIJIKATA: the Shinsengumi is not finished.
HIJIKATA: We joined the Shinsengumi because we\Nwanted to be with you...
HIJIKATA: You're an idiot.
HIJIKATA: Don't think about such difficult things!
HIJIKATA: You should live the way you want to live.
HIJIKATA: We just have to protect\Nyou from everyone.
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san...
HIJIKATA: You are the soul of the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: We are the sword that protects you.
KONDO: Toshi...
ITO: You broke once before.\NWhat can you protect?
HIJIKATA: I have a sword right here.\NOne that cuts very well.
GINTOKI: What is it?
HIJIKATA: Don't talk as if you're so high and mighty.
GINTOKI: Draw it already!
HIJIKATA: Shut up!
HIJIKATA: I have one more thing to say to you.
HIJIKATA: Thank you!!
GINTOKI: Is that Toshi?
HIJIKATA: I'm...
OPENING CREDITSCAPTION: [Toshiro Hijikata has fought off the demonic\Nsword's curse and recovered all by himself.]
HIJIKATA: I won't let anyone past me. I won't\Nlet anyone disgrace our souls.
HIJIKATA: I am the final fort that\Nprotects Isao Kondo.
HIJIKATA: I am the final sword that protects\Nthe Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: I am Shinsengumi Vice-Chief...
HIJIKATA: Toshiro Hijikata!!
SHINPACHI: He fought off the demonic\Nsword's curse by himself.
GINTOKI: He was our client first.
KONDO: Didn't your job end already?
GINTOKI: I'm going to be charging overtime pay!
KAWAKAMI: It changed... The rhythm of that\Nman's soul has changed.
KAWAKAMI: It went from a childish anime song\Nto a sturdy rock-and-roll tune.
KAWAKAMI: You've gone from very dignified classical\Nmusic to fierce heavy metal.
KAWAKAMI: That's a nice song... Play your beautiful\Nconcerto to your heart's content.
ITO: Hijikata!!
HIJIKATA: Ito!!
SHINPACHI: The steering wheel...!
KONDO: Sogo?!
HIJIKATA: I'll make sure you negotiate with\Nthe person in charge of our pay.
OKITA: your position as Vice-Chief.
KONDO: But are you saying that I should\Njust leave Toshi and run away?
GINTOKI: Don't waste your time!!
HIJIKATA: Don't fight here!!
HIJIKATA: Why are you using me like\Na bridge as if it's normal?!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
ITO: This is the final showdown!!
KAWAKAMI: You have an interesting sound.
GINTOKI: You bastard... You're the guy\Nwho was with Takasugi.
KAWAKAMI: Why are you with the Shinsengumi?
GINTOKI: That man seems to be\Nunder your influence.
GINTOKI: Are you planning to spy on the Bakufu\Nonce you take control of the Shinsengumi?
KAWAKAMI: We're not generous enough to be allied\Nwith those who easily betray others.
KAWAKAMI: We also know that people will not gather\Nunder a person who has been unfaithful.
GINTOKI: So what of that man?
KAWAKAMI: He is a pitiful man.
KAWAKAMI: It'll be after everything\Nbreaks into pieces.
KAWAKAMI: Along with the Shinsengumi...
ITO: Geniuses are always alone. I have\Nno one who understands me.
ITO: I shouldn't remain in a place like this.
ITO: No one understands that. No\None realizes my true worth.
ITO: I will take control of the Shinsengumi.
ITO: I will use that as a foundation\Nto take control of the country.
TAKASUGI: You don't mind acquiring\Na bad reputation?
ITO: Indebted? Kondo's the one who\Nshould be indebted to me.
ITO: I'm working for an incompetent\Nman like him.
TAKASUGI: But you're unsatisfied that those stupid\Npeople don't understand you.
TAKASUGI: You want them to understand you.\NYou want them to acknowledge you.
TAKASUGI: You want to prove your worth?\NIt's not that difficult.
TAKASUGI: You choose to be all by yourself.
TAKASUGI: You don't want someone who\Nunderstands and accepts you.
TAKASUGI: What you really want is...
ITO: Where am I?
ITO: Hijikata?
KAWAKAMI: Shinsuke saw through Ito.
KAWAKAMI: He is a show-off who has more\Npride than anyone else
KAWAKAMI: and doesn't know his own worth.
KAWAKAMI: It was easy to provoke and use him.
KAWAKAMI: and depleted their fighting potential.
GINTOKI: You were planning to use him to crush\Nthe Shinsengumi to begin with.
KAWAKAMI: The traitor is wiped out by the traitor.
ITO: S-Stop!
 ITO (mo: (mono)Stop!
 ITO (mo: (mono)I'm not meant to die in a place like this.
 ITO (mo: (mono)Stop. I can do much better...
YOUNG ITO: Mother!
YOUNG ITO: Take a look! I got a perfect\Nscore on a test at school.
YOUNG ITO: I-I'm very sorry.
MASTER A: You are the first child prodigy\Nto come from our school.
CHILD A: Don't get cocky.
CHILD A: You're just a rich kid who\Nonly knows how to study!
MASTER B: Such an aptitude for swords at your age.
MASTER B: I'll recommend you to the dojo of the\Ndistinguished Hokuto Itto Style.
MASTER B: Your brilliance will go to waste\Nout here in the country!
MASTER B: It's possible you might even surpass the\Ngreat swordsman Musashi Miyamoto!
 YOUNG I: (mono)Why?
FATHER: I wonder what's going to\Nhappen to the Ito family.
FATHER: Kamotaro grew up so healthily.
MOTHER: Takahisa wasn't born to have everything\Ntaken away from him by Kamotaro.
MOTHER: I wish he was never born.
FATHER: Hey! What if Kamotaro hears you?!\NWhat's the matter with you?!
MOTHER: I feel so sorry for Takahisa.
MOTHER: When I see Kamotaro carelessly\Nrunning about...
FATHER: You must be tired from taking\Ncare of Takahisa.
FATHER: Go to bed already.
 YOUNG I: (mono)Why? Why doesn't anyone look at me?
 YOUNG I: (mono)I've tried so hard. I'm not at fault.
 YOUNG I: (mono)Look at me. Praise me.
 ITO (mo: (mono)Don't leave me alone.
 ITO (mo: (mono)Stay by me. By my side.
 ITO (mo: (mono)Hold this hand...
ITO: K-Kondo?!
ITO: What are you doing?
ITO: Do you know what you're\Ndoing right now?!
ITO: I'm the traitor who tried to kill you.
KONDO: The boss is at fault if there's a revolt.
KONDO: Soldiers will lose their lives if they\Nstay with an incompetent general.
KONDO: They're not at fault for killing him.
KONDO: I was never suited to be the boss.
KONDO: You're far more suited to be the boss.
KONDO: But I wanted you to be by my side as\Na friend that I would pour drinks with.
 YOUNG I: (mono)It's not my fault I'm alone! I'm not at fault!
 YOUNG I: (mono)They're incompetent!\NThey're completely incompetent!
 ITO (mo: (mono)We live in different worlds.\NI was a chosen individual.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I couldn't accept my loneliness and\NI blamed my loneliness on others.
 ITO (mo: (mono)But my lingering desire for attention\Ngrew stronger by the day.
TAKASUGI: You don't want someone who\Nunderstands and accepts you.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I had forgotten what I really wanted.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I just wanted someone to be by my side.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I just wanted someone to see me.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I just didn't want to be alone anymore.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I just wanted...
KONDO: Sensei!
ITO: Friends who would accept\Nme for who I was.
HIJIKATA: What are you doing?!
HIJIKATA: Hurry up and run away!
 ITO (mo: (mono)Someone who would\Nlook directly at me...
 ITO (mo: (mono)And take me head on.
 ITO (mo: (mono)I just...
 ITO (mo: (mono)Wanted friends.
 ITO (mo: (mono)The thing I wanted...
 ITO (mo: (mono)Was something...
 ITO (mo: (mono)I already had.
ITO: I hate you.
ITO: Don't die here.
 ITO (mo: (mono)The bond I wanted so much...
 ITO (mo: (mono)Was right here all along.
KAWAKAMI: I can't see your swings or your rhythm!
GINTOKI: Don't you understand that...
GINTOKI: I'm telling you to get out of my way?!
GINTOKI: I don't have the time
GINTOKI: to deal with...
GINTOKI: idiots like you!
GINTOKI: Strings?!
KAWAKAMI: You shouldn't push yourself.\NYour arms and legs will rip off.
KAWAKAMI: Do you think your friends are still alive?
KAWAKAMI: Even if they survived that explosion...
KAWAKAMI: We've taken many measures.
KAWAKAMI: The Shinsengumi will disappear.
KAWAKAMI: I told you that your arms\Nand legs will rip off.
GINTOKI: Who'd want to go and save their sorry asses?
GINTOKI: I can't stop. My body won't listen to me.
GINTOKI: It's being pulled forward.
GINTOKI: Strings are pulling me from\Nthe front and the back.
GINTOKI: It annoys me to no end...
GINTOKI: You can have an arm and a leg or two...
GINTOKI: Even if these strings can cut flesh...
GINTOKI: I'd like to see them
GINTOKI: try to sever
GINTOKI: an obnoxious bond!
HIJIKATA: Get down!
KONDO: Sensei!
HIJIKATA: Ito!
HIJIKATA: Ito!
 Name:  Text
BANSAI KAWAKAMI: I told you that your arms\Nand legs will rip off.
GINTOKI: Who'd want to go and save\Ntheir sorry asses?
GINTOKI: You can have an arm and a leg or two.
HIJIKATA: Get down!
KONDO: Sensei!
HIJIKATA: Ito!
HIJIKATA: Ito!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
PILOT: Bansai-sama... In front!
KAWAKAMI: White Knight! What is it you fight for?
KAWAKAMI: The destruction of the samurai's\Nworld is already inevitable.
KAWAKAMI: Your struggles alone will not stop it!
KAWAKAMI: There's no longer anything worth\Nsaving of this country!
KAWAKAMI: It's the samurai's duty to graciously give
KAWAKAMI: this rotting country which has been completely\Nravaged by the Amanto it's final rites!
KAWAKAMI: This country must slit its belly!
GINTOKI: [Note: Coal briquettes are often used for\Nsuicide by carbon monoxide poisoning.]
KAWAKAMI: Gintoki Sakata...you are a ghost.
KAWAKAMI: You once tried to protect this country\Nalong with Shinsuke and the others.
KAWAKAMI: You are obsessed and unable to\Nlet go. You are a living ghost.
KAWAKAMI: There is no longer anything\Nfor you to protect!
KAWAKAMI: Ghosts should go back\Nwhere they belong.
KAWAKAMI: I'll play you a requiem!
KAWAKAMI: The strings...!
KAWAKAMI: When did he grab my strings?
GINTOKI: Clean out your ears and listen up!
GINTOKI: I've never once fought for the\Nsake of this cheap country.
GINTOKI: I couldn't care less...
GINTOKI: if the country or samurai\Nfell. I have always...
GINTOKI: What I protect...
GINTOKI: has never changed!
ANTIFOREIGNER RONIN A: Bansai-sama!
ITO: What're you doing?
ITO: Get your heads out of your asses!
ITO: Vice-Chief...
ITO: ...your orders...
HIJIKATA: This is to all of you! I've taken their leader's head!
HIJIKATA: The enemy is nothing more\Nthan a flock of lost sheep!
HIJIKATA: Finish them off all at once!
HIJIKATA: Don't let them get away! Kill them all!
SHINPACHI: Why...why did you do that?
SHINPACHI: You committed treason.\NWhy did you protect us?
ITO: You're...not Shinsengumi...
ITO: but you seem to be tied to them in\Na way that words cannot describe.
SHINPACHI: ...we're obnoxious bonds.
ITO: I lost sight of what I really wanted because\NI tried to protect a tiny bit of pride.
ITO: I destroyed them on my side.
ITO: Why...
ITO: Why is it always too late when\Nyou finally realize that?
ITO: Why is that I want to fight with everyone\Nbut I can't even stand?
ITO: Why is it that...I finally truly realized\Nthat...but I'm going to die...?
ITO: I don't want to be alone anymore...
HARADA: We'd like you to...
HARADA: hand him over to us.
SHINPACHI: ...Please. He's gone through enough.
HARADA: Odd Jobs... We owe you\Nfor your help this time.
HARADA: But we cannot heed your request.
HARADA: How many people do you think\Nlost their lives because of him?
HARADA: We must deal with the traitor ourselves.
SHINPACHI: He saved us! And he...
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san!
KONDO: Take him.
SHINPACHI: Why?!
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san...
GINTOKI: That's right...he'd die anyway\Neven if they left him alone.
GINTOKI: That's exactly why...
GINTOKI: That's exactly why they must kill him.
HIJIKATA: Get up...Ito.
HIJIKATA: What do you say we settle this?
GINTOKI: They...don't want him to die\Na filthy traitor's death.
GINTOKI: They want him to end his\Nlife...as a samurai...
GINTOKI: ...and a fellow comrade.
GINTOKI: That's the death he deserves.
ITO: Hijikata!
HIJIKATA: Ito!
ITO: ...ank...you...
ITO: Thank...you...
TAKASUGI: I see. Ito died and the\NShinsengumi survived.
TAKASUGI: So the Bakufu is unexpectedly\Nalive and well.
KAWAKAMI: The original intent of this job
KAWAKAMI: was to draw away the Shinsengumi's\Nattention from the Bakufu bigwigs.
KAWAKAMI: If the Harusame successfully\Nmade their secret voyage
KAWAKAMI: We would have succeeded\Nin warding them off.
TAKASUGI: I thought I told you to handle this with\Nthe intent of crushing the Shinsengumi.
TAKASUGI: Bansai.
TAKASUGI: You can't get attuned my song?
KAWAKAMI: Shinsuke...any idea what\Nhe was talking about?
KAWAKAMI: It made me feel like asking\Nhim until I find out.
KAWAKAMI: I've fallen in love with\Ntheir song. I've lost.
 YAMA: (M)...This is bad...
 YAMA: (M)Really bad. They totally think I'm dead.
 YAMA: (M)I never dreamed they would\Nhold a funeral so soon.
 YAMA: (M)I'm totally too late. I blew the timing.
KAWAKAMI: ...I've changed my mind.
KAWAKAMI: I want to hear...a bit more of your song.
 YAMA: (M)And so that's how it went.
 YAMA: (M)No one expected that I would\Nmiraculously still be alive.
 YAMA: (M)This is bad.
 YAMA: (M)but if they found out I spent all this time\Nin the hospital without contacting them...
 YAMA: (M)And the timing couldn't be worse.
YAMAZAKI: Sorry, I'm alive, after all.
 YAMA: (M)I'm in big trouble. What'll I do?!
MATSUDAIRA: You fool! Leaving this life before\Nan old man! You....you...you...!
 YAMA: (M)Stop it! Don't make it any worse!
 YAMA: (M)You're making it harder and\Nharder for me to show myself.
MATSUDAIRA: You know I...thought of\Nyou...like a real son...
YAMAZAKI: I didn't know...
 YAMAZ: (M)I...Pops...that you thought\Nso highly of me...
MATSUDAIRA: Pusuke! Don't leave me behind!
 YAMA: (M)Why am I alongside a dog?!
 YAMA: (M)Or rather...this funeral is\Ntotally about the dog!
 YAMA: (M)Why is there a can of Nilo\Nthere as an offering?!
 YAMA: (M)Hey Priest! Why're you\Nsipping on my Nilo?!
 YAMA: (M)You're making me angry.
 YAMA: (M)Hey! Turn off that cell phone.
SQUADMEMBER B: Huh? I'm at the funeral for\NBoss Matsudaira's dog.
 YAMA: (M)Tell them it's my funeral.
SQUADMEMBER C: Oww...
SQUADMEMBER C: My leg fell asleep.
 YAMA: (M)Doesn't a human life mean\Nanything to you?
 YAMA: (M)How could they! They're like an\Nundisciplined gang of hoodlums.
 YAMA: (M)The Vice-Chief...isn't the\NVice-Chief back yet?
SQUADMEMBER D: What's with this? Haven't they\Nlifted Vice-Chief's punishment?
SQUADMEMBER E: Seems he feels personally\Nresponsible this time.
SQUADMEMBER E: I heard he personally asked for\Nthe suspension to be extended.
SQUADMEMBER G: You think he won't come back\Nto the Shinsengumi?
SQUADMEMBER H: we may not be able to return to the\NShinsengumi we were before.
FEMALE CLERK: Thank you for waiting.
HIJIKATA: I visited every temple\Nand shrine in the city
HIJIKATA: and had them do every incantation\Nand prayer they knew.
HIJIKATA: Seems this thing's curse...is deeply\Ningrained in my very being.
HIJIKATA: No telling when this will\Nconsume me again.
SHINPACHI: Does that mean you won't return\Nto the Shinsengumi?
KAGURA: You should think about changing jobs.
KAGURA: Maybe you should join Animate.
KAGURA: [Note: Animate is a chain that sells\Neverything related to animation.]
GINTOKI: Sounds good to me.
GINTOKI: A demonic sword that never\Nleaves your side.
GINTOKI: You are truly one with your sword.\NIt's the perfect sword for you.
HIJIKATA: You are the soul of the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: We are the sword that protects you.
HIJIKATA: You say that so casually.
HIJIKATA: Thanks for you help.
HIJIKATA: Isn't it obvious?
HIJIKATA: My body has more angry spirits and curses\Non it than it can accommodate.
HIJIKATA: It's full of all the people I've stepped\Nover and the enmity of my comrades.
HIJIKATA: What's another curse or two gonna do?
HIJIKATA: I don't intend to look back\Nno matter who dies.
HIJIKATA: I intend to shoulder every one\Nof them and move forward...
HIJIKATA: so they won't laugh at me in Hell.
SHINPACHI: ...Nice weather.
KAGURA: Oh.
KAGURA: We forgot to collect our fee.
GINTOKI: Forget it.
GINTOKI: It's better to collect a little at a\Ntime rather than all at once.
SHINPACHI: Will he be able to continue working?
GINTOKI: He'll be fine.
GINTOKI: We don't have to worry any more.
 YAMA: (M)They don't give a shit!\NWhat do they think a funeral is?!
 YAMA: (M)I'll show all of you!\NYou all should be punished!
 YAMA: (M)I'll scare the hell out of all of you and...
SQUADMEMBER C: Yamazaki returned from the dead!
HIJIKATA: Rule No. 22.
HIJIKATA: Rule No. 17.
HIJIKATA: Rule No. 45.
HIJIKATA: Do not die and return from the dead.
HIJIKATA: Samurai should rest in peace\Nwith good grace.
HIJIKATA: The entire lot of you are breaking the\NBushido principles! Slit your bellies!
SQUADMEMBER D: Vice-Chief...
SQUADMEMBER E: Vice-Chief!
YAMAZAKI: Ouch.
SQUADMEMBER E: Hooray! The Vice-Chief came back!
HIJIKATA: What're you guys talking about?
HIJIKATA: I said you all have to slit your bellies!
 KOND: (M)Toshi... You said I was the\Nsoul of the Shinsengumi.
 KOND: (M)Good to have you back...Toshi.
HIJIKATA: Hello. Hijikata speaking de gozaru.
AMARAO: Strikers are beasts that\Nlive to score goals.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: What's with the intro? Didn't we\Nalready do that a year ago?
KAGURA: Have we run out of new material?
SHINPACHI: so we thought it'd be nice to explain the\NGinTama world to our new viewers.
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Eh?
KAGURA: He was lavish in his praise\Nfor "The Prince of Tennis."
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: We've got ways to go...
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: [Note: Parody of "You've got ways to go" famous\Nphrase by Ryoma Echizen from Prince of Tennis.]
ANNOUNCER: Here we go! We're in stoppage time\Nin the second half!
ANNOUNCER: This is FC Oedo's last chance to score!
HASEGAWA: Come on...
KATSURA: Go.
KONDO: Do it!
OTAE: It's up to you!
SACHAN: Now!
KAGURA: Kick it!
SHINPACHI: This is it!
 AMAR: (M)Strikers are beasts that\Nlive to score goals.
 AMAR: (M)What waits at the end of the road\Nfor those who seek to score?
 AMAR: (M)even in this match that marks the end\Nof the road...I will see everything.
 AMAR: (M)The new world...
 AMAR: (M)that awaits me after a\Nlife of scoring goals!
AMARAO: Okay!
AMARAO: Huh?
 AMAR: (M)What?!
AMARAO: Hey!
AMARAO: What is this?! What's going on?!
KAGURA: but they said they couldn't\Ndrink beer before a match.
KAGURA: so I went looking for Bocari powder\Nand made some for them.
AMARAO: No! That wasn't Bocari powder!
AMARAO: That was the powder they\Nuse to mark the field lines!
AMARAO: The game's about to start!
AMARAO: What have you people done?!\NWhat am I going to do now?!
GINTOKI: It didn't bother me one bit that I waited until\NAugust 31 to do my summer homework.
AMARAO: Today was...my final\Ngame before I retire.
GINTOKI: Your retirement game?
AMARAO: Yes...and I'm the symbol of\Nthis team. Its best player.
AMARAO: a massive amount of scores every night.
AMARAO: My fans call me the "night-on-the-town's ace"\Nand the "command tower of group dates".
AMARAO: [Note: Fantasista is an Italian term\Nfor a superstar soccer player.]
GINTOKI: Are you a fool or something?\NWhat're you fantasizing about?
AMARAO: I can't lose my retirement\Ngame by forfeit.
AMARAO: I realize that...
AMARAO: Today...I wanted to make my precious\Nlittle boy's wish come true!
SHINPACHI: You wanted to score a goal\Ntoday for your little boy?
AMARAO: That's right! That's what\NI planned on doing.
KAGURA: Coming right up.
SHINPACHI: W-Wait! Wait! Just a minute!\NThere's no need to die!
AMARAO: Then what're you people\Ngoing to do about it?
AMARAO: Are you to going to take\Nresponsibility for this?!
AMARAO: Just set things up so we\Ncan play the game!
AMARAO: If you don't...my little boy will...he'll...
AMARAO: Really?!
GINTOKI: Thanks for waiting.
GINTOKI: Look! These are the new\NFC Oedo team members!
AMARAO: Jesus Christ!
KAGURA: [Note: Shinya Yamomoto is a judge in the\NKinichi Hagimoto's costume contest.]
AMARAO: Where is he? Where's the director?!\NThis is ridiculous!
AMARAO: [Note: Director is Shinya Yamamoto's nickname.]
KATSURA: What're you so flustered about?
KATSURA: {\q1}[Note: Katsura is wearing a Nankatsu team uniform that says "Tonkatsu" (Pork cutlet). Elizabeth is dressed as Kojiro Hyuga from Captain Tsubasa]
AMARAO: Quiet! The one next to you\Nis wrong from the get-go!
AMARAO: You probably just read Captain Tsubasa.
AMARAO: [Note: Captain Tsubasa is a soccer manga.]
KATSURA: I'm not Captain Tsubasa.\NI'm Captain Katsura.
AMARAO: Who cares!
SACHAN: It's been a long time since\NI made an appearance.
SACHAN: I was asked to come to a contest where you\Nroll balls around without using your hands...
SACHAN: How freaky.
GINTOKI: Tiger!
GINTOKI: [Note: Tiger shot is a special move of\NKojiro Hyuga from Captain Tsubara.]
OTAE: What?
OTAE: so I came dressed like this.
OTAE: [Note: Otae is wearing a Thai kickboxing outfit.]
HASEGAWA: What?!
HASEGAWA: I heard it was a sport where everyone\Nwatches all the cool things
KONDO: [Note: Inari zushi is a tofu pouch packed\Nwith rice. Looks like nuts.]
KONDO: so I came like this.
AMARAO: Hey! Every one of you guys\Nthinks this is about nads!
GINTOKI: Huh? Is that so?
AMARAO: Don't just say "Is that so?" Soccer\Nis played with 11 people!
AMARAO: We're really in trouble\Nnow! There's no time!
AMARAO: What're you going to do?! Come on!
AMARAO: You just slapped this team together!
AMARAO: You sure this old geezer is any good?
AMARAO: Well at least he's not deaf.
AMARAO: Huh?
SHINPACHI: The opposing team...
SHINPACHI: They all have the same face.
AMARAO: They were 11 kids born\Nat the same time.
SHINPACHI: What?!
AMARAO: Today's opponent is the\NOedo Ambivalence.
AMARAO: All positions are played by\Nthe 11 Matsuno brothers.
SHINPACHI: I'd like to see their mother.
ROOTER A: Amarao! Make sure you score today!
ROOTERS: At least look good in your last game!
 AMAR: (M)I'm finished.
 AMAR: (M)There's no way we can play a decent\Ngame with these amateurs.
CHILD: Go for it! Amarao!
 SHIN: (M)Could that be the little boy\Nhe talked about earlier?
 AMAR: (M)That's right...I mustn't give up.
ANNOUNCER: The game is about to begin.
ANNOUNCER: The Oedo Ambivalence starts things off.
ANNOUNCER: Sannan Matsuno dribbles and\Nslashes into the defense.
SACHAN/KONDO: Gotcha!
SACHAN: I have my man!
KONDO: I have mine!
AMARAO: Hey! You're guarding your\Nown teammates?!
KONDO: Shut up! When you go after\Nthe one you love...
SACHAN: You always go man-to-man!
KONDO: Otae-san!
SACHAN: I won't let you go!
ANNOUNCER: Now Sannan Matsuno...
ANNOUNCER: makes a sharp pass towards the\Ngoal right through the defense!
AMARAO: Clear! Just clear it!
OTAE/GINTOKI: Clear!
SHINPACHI: Sis! A girl shouldn't be\Ntalking about two balls!
ANNOUNCER: The ball is grabbed by Juichinan Matsuno.\NHe races toward the goal.
HASEGAWA: That's not fair! That side's\Nbigger than mine.
KATSURA: What're you talking about?\NThis boundary is absolute.
AMARAO: Hey! What're you setting territories for?!
HASEGAWA: What do you mean by absolute?!
AMARAO: Why are there three goalkeepers?!
KATSURA: Above the line is still out of bounds! You're\Ngonna get penalized! Definitely penalized!
HASEGAWA: I dare you! I dare you to penalize me!
KATSURA: You get the death penalty!\NDefinitely the death penalty!
HASEGAWA: What?!
KATSURA: You'll definitely get five whacks!
HASEGAWA: What'd you do that for?!
KATSURA: Elizabeth...
HASEGAWA: You...
KATSURA: Elizabeth...
HASEGAWA: Right! We're teammates!
KATSURA: Teammates!
HASEGAWA/KATSURA: Hey! Hey!
ANNOUNCER: Goal!
SHINPACHI: It's all right. We'll have\Nmany more chances.
AMARAO: Only you people here should hear this.
AMARAO: My body is a wreck from all my battles\Non the field over the years.
AMARAO: have all reached their\Nlimits a long time ago.
AMARAO: I don't know how many more times I can\Nshoot for the goal with all my might.
AMARAO: That's why...!
AMARAO: I'm not asking for repeated chances!
AMARAO: One...just one shot is enough.\NGive me one chance at a goal!
GINTOKI: But we'll do what we can.
SHINPACHI: Right.
KAGURA: Okay.
AMARAO: ...Everyone...
ANNOUNCER: The game continues with FC Oedo\Nin possession of the ball.
AMARAO: I'm counting on you.
ANNOUNCER: Sakata has it stolen away!
GINTOKI: We don't have the guts!
GINTOKI: [Note: Famous phrase from a Captain Tsubasa video\Ngame. Displayed when Energy (guts) is low.]
MATSUNO: This is going to be easy!\NThey're nothing but amateurs!
MATSUNO: I'll increase our lead!
ANNOUNCER: He shoots!
ANNOUNCER: The ball is headed straight\Ntowards the goal!
ANNOUNCER: Elizabeth is their only goalkeeper!
ANNOUNCER: The ball is in the air. But will Elizabeth's\Nphysique get in the way?!
ANNOUNCER: It's a spectacular save!
ANNOUNCER: Makes you wonder what\Nsort of creature it is!
ANNOUNCER: The front line has raced deep into\Nthe opponent's side of the field.
AMARAO: Goalkeeper! This is our chance\Nto counterattack!
AMARAO: Kick it out in front of their goal!
ANNOUNCER: The goalkeeper makes a nice feed!
 AMAR: (M)With this...
CHILD: Amarao!
 AMAR: (M)I can make his wish come true.
 AMAR: (M)Damn! Why does this\Nhave to happen now!
AMARAO: Don't worry! It's a badge of\Nhonor I got during a game!
 AMAR: (M)Yes...it was during a hard-fought\Ngame like today!
HANA: What should I do? I'll consider it if you do\Nthe Amarao Dance you do at the game.
AMARAO: Here comes the signature pose!
AMARAO: I never imagined that "game" would\Nforce me into retirement.
OTAE/GINTOKI/KAGURA/SHINPACHI: A...ma...ra...o...!
AMARAO: Huh?!
OTAE: From start to finish...
KAGURA: You totally got...
SHINPACHI: what you deserved!
GINTOKI: It's your own stupid fault!
OTAE/KAGURA/SHINPACHI/GINTOKI: Shoot!
AMARAO: ...not today...
ANNOUNCER: That concludes the first half.
SHINPACHI: Hey! What're you doing?!
SHINPACHI: Shut up! Can't you people even remember what\Nsport you were playing just a second ago?!
KONDO: No. My memory went splat after\NI got kicked in the balls.
SHINPACHI: Are your brains in your balls?!
SACHAN: Gin-san! I want the bat between\Nyour legs right now!
SHINPACHI: That's enough!
HASEGAWA: Hey! You're more vulgar than she is!
KATSURA: Why're all of you panicking?
KATSURA: {\q1}[Note: Jun Misugi is a player with heart disease from Captain Tsubasa. Uniform says "Kakashi" a wordplay on his team "Musashi FC."]
KATSURA: {\i1}I will get them all with an off-side\Ntrap in the second half...
SHINPACHI: Cut that out! How long are you going\Nto keep playing Captain Tsubasa!
GINTOKI: How would I know?
GINTOKI: You're talking about the guy who did\Nnothing but stupid things out there.
SHINPACHI: But that's...
SHINPACHI: Amarao-san...
ANNOUNCER: The second half is about to start.
ANNOUNCER: FC Oedo managed to keep the score\Nat 0-1 despite missing their regulars.
ANNOUNCER: Can they catch up in the second half?
ANNOUNCER: The ball goes to Amarao.
SHINPACHI: Amarao-san!
 AMAR: (M)I'd forgotten. I always did things myself.
ANNOUNCER: Amarao races deep into the enemy's\Nside of the field all alone!
MATSUNO: No you don't!
ANNOUNCER: He draws a yellow card!
ANNOUNCER: FC Oedo gets a penalty kick!
AMARAO: Yes...
CHILD: All Right! Go!
 AMAR: (M)This is how it should be...
AMARAO: Huh?!
AMARAO: What're you doing?!
KAGURA: Huh?!
AMARAO: Wh-Why do things...turn out this way?
 AMAR: (M)What happened to...
 AMAR: (M)The match!
ANNOUNCER: Ambivalence adds another point!
ANNOUNCER: Looks like Amarao who was out with an\Ninjury is coming back into the game.
SHINPACHI: Amarao-san...we're sorry.
AMARAO: All we have left is stoppage time.
AMARAO: It's true that I did nothing but stupid\Nthings during my soccer career.
AMARAO: That came back to haunt me today.
AMARAO: But I won't give up on scoring\Na goal until the very end.
AMARAO: That's the sort of person a striker is.
AMARAO: My little boy...is waiting for a goal.
GINTOKI: But isn't your back and knees a wreck?
AMARAO: They give me more of a chance\Nthan relying on you amateurs.
AMARAO: The field is a battleground.\NSoccer is war!
 ALL : (M)War?!
AMARAO: What's so funny?!
GINTOKI: All of us here are definitely\Namateurs at soccer.
GINTOKI: Everyone here is a battle-hardened pro.
AMARAO: Huh?
GINTOKI: Just watch.
ANNOUNCER: All that remains is stoppage time.
ANNOUNCER: the only question is whether or not Amarao\Nwill score a goal in his retirement match.
ANNOUNCER: Amarao speeds in alone once again!
 AMAR: (M)Tsk! That pain again...
ANNOUNCER: The ball is taken away!
ANNOUNCER: And it goes back...
ANNOUNCER: the other way!
AMARAO: Crap!
GINTOKI: Don't come here!
GINTOKI: We'll set you up!
HASEGAWA: You're not scoring any more points!
AMARAO: Fools! Amateurs shouldn't rush in!
GINTOKI: You're wrong! He's not just any amateur!
AMARAO: He's...
AMARAO: Is that?! A foot soldier?!
AMARAO: One who rushes in with\Nno fear for his life?!
HASEGAWA: I'm used to diving in and\Nsacrificing myself!
GINTOKI: Look closely!
GINTOKI: The foot solder was a decoy!
GINTOKI: The real defenders are the\Nspearmen behind him!
AMARAO: That figure going after the ball\Nin mid-air has to be an archer!
KONDO: Go! Sky Love Gorricane!
AMARAO: Look out! There's a defender\Nin the path of the pass!
MATSUNO: This one's mine!
SACHAN: Do you know...
SACHAN: who the fastest person on\Na battlefield is?
MATSUNO: It's...
SACHAN: the shinobi!
KAGURA: Shinpachi! Let's do this with a\Nback-and-forth pass attack.
SHINPACHI: Right.
KAGURA: Here's the pass!
KAGURA: Pass.
KAGURA: Pass.
AMARAO: What a combination!
AMARAO: It's the Takeda Cavalry! The strongest\Nduring wartime Japan!
SHINPACHI: What?! I'm a horse?!
GOALKEEPER: What're you guys doing?!
GOALKEEPER: There's only Amarao left! Defend him!
 AMAR: (M)What?!
OLD MAN: Score a goal for everyone.
AMARAO: Hey! You're way too cool!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: [Go!]
GINTOKI: For the sake of your little boy!
CHILD: Amarao!
 AMAR: (M)Ohana-chan!
GINTOKI/OTAE/KATSURA: What?!
AMARAO: Go out with me for the\Nsake of my "little boy"!
AMARAO: Shoot!
AMARAO: I-It...snapped...
ANNOUNCER: And that's the end of the game!
CHILD: Daddy!
 AMAR: (M)Strikers are beasts that\Nlive to score goals.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Kids Don't Understand\NHow Their Parents Feel."
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Pen name Gin World asks:
GINTOKI: How many members are there\Nin the Shinsengumi?
GINTOKI: they said 18 members\Nwere "more than half."
GINTOKI: Since the Shinsengumi\Nhas up to Squad 10
GINTOKI: that means there are only\N2-3 people per squad.
GINTOKI: Is the Shinsengumi comprised\Nof 35-36 men?
GINTOKI: The Shinsengumi regularly recruits members\Nand has grown into a giant organization.
GINTOKI: because he wanted to recruit members.
GINTOKI: to count the number of people.
[Note: [Note: Saito is the new editor for GinTama manga.]
YAKUZA F: Look at this face...isn't it magnificent?
YAKUZA F: majestic and strong as\Nthis Guardian dog.
YAKUZA F: But that really depends\Non you. Work hard...
SHINPACHI: Whoa! It's huge!
SHINPACHI: but I think we can look forward to\Nmajor compensation this time!
KAGURA: We'll be feasting tonight!
GINTOKI: Thank you.
SHINPACHI: Think it's a top Bakufu official?
GINTOKI: We've become quite famous.
KAGURA: Let's do our best.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...I feel like I could be shot\Nfull of holes at any moment.
GINTOKI: This goes way beyond\Ngiving us the evil eye.
GINTOKI: Think they're trying to fire laser\Nbeams at us with their eyes?
KAGURA: Understood.
SHINPACHI: Stop that Gin-san. Don't\Ngive up hope so soon.
BOSS: You guys the Odd jobs?
BOSS: Thanks for coming.
[Note: [Note: In Japanese: Mashiroi Kaguzo can mean\N"I'm gonna sniff some white (powder)."]
BOSS: The reason I called you here\Ntoday is...look over there...
BOSS: See that storehouse?
GINTOKI: the white powder.
BOSS: the Mashiroi...
[Note: [Note: In Japanese: Mashiroi is a\Nhomonym that can mean "white."]
[Note: {\q1}[Note: In Japanese: Utsuzo means "depressed and stored away" and "to shoot up." So Utsuzo Mashiroi can mean "I'm gonna shoot up some white (powder)."]
BOSS: who's locked himself in there.
GINTOKI: Huh?
BOSS: Five years ago Utsuzo locked himself\Nin there and never came out.
BOSS: He detested becoming a yakuza\Nand went to earn an honest living
BOSS: as an apprentice at a textile wholesaler.
BOSS: moved all his personal effects into the storehouse\Nand hasn't stepped foot outside since.
BOSS: I haven't even seen him\Nthe past five years.
BOSS: but a note with his meal requests and things he wants\Nappears between the gap in the door every day.
KAGURA: You're right. There's one now.
YAKUZA H: Boss!
[Note: [Note: Parody of Pepsi NEX. Animage is an\Nanime magazine from Tokuma Shoten.]
YAKUZA: Got it!
BOSS: A yakuza's son shutting himself off...
BOSS: If word got out-my reputation is everything-I\Ncould never remain a yakuza.
BOSS: that I haven't even confronted\Nmy son face-to-face.
BOSS: I'm responsible for driving\NUtsuzo into going this far.
BOSS: I'm willing to do anything\Nto get my son back.
BOSS: What should a parent do\Nin a situation like this?
GINTOKI: Just stand there and watch.
GINTOKI: Leave the rest to us.
BOSS: ...You people...
BOSS: Hey! Even yakuza could've done that!
BOSS: Do you know what "delicate" means?
YAKUZA A: Young Boss!
YAKUZA B: Dammit! What the hell are you doing?!
SHINPACHI: We'll be more delicate! Just don't kill us!
GINTOKI: What is all this?
GINTOKI: Are these guys comedians doing\Na life-or-death routine?!
KAGURA: I feel like a fawn that's stumbled\Ninto the polar bear cage.
SHINPACHI: What hasn't changed is our lives\Nare still hanging by a thread here.
SHINPACHI: Please be delicate.
GINTOKI: We have you completely surrounded.
GINTOKI: Cease your resistance and\Ncome out peacefully!
GINTOKI: Do yourself a favor by giving yourself\Nup before you get raccoon eyes!
BOSS: That's not very convincing!
YAKUZA B: Don't think you can get away with\Nthreatening a yakuza's son!
SHINPACHI: Huh? It's a note! A note just came out!
SHINPACHI: He must've had a change of heart!
YAKUZA I: Boss!
BOSS: Two-kilobattle...?
[Note: {\q1}[Note: Refers to NHK's "On Air Battle." Amateur comedians perform for 100 judges who drop golf balls in a bucket if they like the comedian. Kilobattle (KB) is the unit used to measure the weight of the bucket. 545 KB is a perfect score and 93KB is a zero score.]
 GINT: (M)Isn't that score a bit low?
BOSS: What the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: Can't you tell? It's a charcoal brazier.
BOSS: I could tell that by looking.\NWhat I was asking was...
BOSS: You call it...
GINTOKI: Huh? That looks like fun.
SHINPACHI: Let me explain.
BOSS: You're just retelling the\Nstory of Amanoiwato!
[Note: [Note: Parody of the Amaterasu myth. She shut herself\Nin a cave and the gods threw a party to lure her out.]
BOSS: Who cares?! Enough of this silliness!
GINTOKI: Did you really think we Odd Jobs would come\Nup with such a simple-minded plan?
BOSS: All of your plans up to now\Nhave been simple-minded.
GINTOKI: Let me explain!
BOSS: Stop it!
YAKUZA A: You're playing games with us!
YAKUZA B: Don't think you can make fools\Nof yakuza and get away with it!
YAKUZA J: Boss!
BOSS: Smoky...
ALL: Definitely.
BOSS: What is it? Do you have a plan?
GINTOKI: I do! There's one way to\Ndefinitely get him out!
YAKUZA A: Young Boss!
YAKUZA B: Dammit! What the hell are you doing?!
SHINPACHI: Another note! He's still all right!
BOSS: Really?!
BOSS: This is his dying message!
YAKUZA K: What the hell have you\Ndone?! You idiots!
YAKUZA K: What're you going to do about this?!
NAKAMURA: This isn't blood. It's tomato juice.
NAKAMURA: Seems the Young Boss\Nis eating his vegetables.
NAKAMURA: I'm relieved.
YAKUZA: Brother!
GINTOKI: Who's that?
BOSS: Utsuzo thought of him like a brother back\Nwhen he was still out and about.
BOSS: He knows Utsuzo better than I do.
BOSS: I've...decided to deal with\Nmy son face-to-face.
NAKAMURA: It's too late for that.
NAKAMURA: You should just leave Utsuzo alone.
NAKAMURA: Don't hurt Utsuzo any more\Nthan you already have.
NAKAMURA: I won't let you forget what you did to him.
YAKUZA: B-Boss!
HANZO: R-Right!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: The two of you go with\Nthem to the hospital.
GINTOKI: Me? I...
NAKAMURA: Yeah...I'll take care of things\Nhere. Don't worry about it.
NAKAMURA: I'll bring Young Boss his meal.
NAKAMURA: Huh? The kids are a nuisance?
NAKAMURA: You mean the kids the boss\Nhired? Ignore them.
GINTOKI: How cruel is that?
NAKAMURA: Your client collapsed.
GINTOKI: I just want to see his face-
GINTOKI: the face of the obstinate son who won't\Nbudge even as his father is about to die.
NAKAMURA: ...What the Boss did was that bad...
NAKAMURA: Never mind. Only those who work\Ncan enjoy the taste of sake.
NAKAMURA: I've known the Young Boss\Nsince he was a little kid.
NAKAMURA: He didn't have what it takes\Nto live in this world.
NAKAMURA: He chose to make an honest living\Nagainst the Boss's wishes.
NAKAMURA: He seemed happy at his job...
NAKAMURA: But that didn't last long.
NAKAMURA: It was the Boss.
NAKAMURA: Utsuzo was his heir.
NAKAMURA: Boss tried to bring him back to the\Nyakuza world by showing up
NAKAMURA: at the Young Boss's workplace and\Nharassing the store over and over.
NAKAMURA: It's all the Boss's fault that the\NYoung Boss is the way he is.
NAKAMURA: He's making a big fuss now\Nover getting the Young Boss
NAKAMURA: out after ignoring him all this time because\Nhe knows his death is imminent.
NAKAMURA: He's desperately trying to make his\Nson succeed him before he dies.
NAKAMURA: Don't you think that's self-serving?
GINTOKI: Does a parent who wants to see his\Nchild before he dies need a reason?
GINTOKI: Does a child need a reason\Nto see his parent?
BOSS: Utsuzo...is Utsuzo here...?
GINTOKI: Do a father and son need a reason?
GINTOKI: They want to see each other's faces-isn't\Nthat reason enough?
NAKAMURA: You're...a good man.
GINTOKI: Hearing that from a guy doesn't\Nmake me happy at all.
GINTOKI: I'm dragging him shell\Nand all to his father.
GINTOKI: Come on out. We're going to punch\Nyour dying father in the face.
GINTOKI: It opened?
GINTOKI: A woman?
GINTOKI: Who are you? Where's Utsuzo?
NAKAMURA: He's not here.
NAKAMURA: He left this world a long time ago.
GINTOKI: Who...are you?
GINTOKI: Where's Utsuzo?
NAKAMURA: He's not here.
NAKAMURA: He left this world a long time ago.
GINTOKI: Damn you. What's going on here?!
NAKAMURA: I already told you. It's too late to\Ndrag out the stupid son now.
NAKAMURA: Those guys are all idiots.
NAKAMURA: They haven't seen the guy or heard\Nhis voice for five years-
NAKAMURA: how's he supposed to be still alive?
NAKAMURA: It's the Boss's fault.
NAKAMURA: he goes and drags him back.
NAKAMURA: If the son's around I'll\Nnever get my chance.
NAKAMURA: so I made sure he would never\Ncome out of his shell.
NAKAMURA: the Young Boss was never\Ngoing to come out.
NAKAMURA: even if the Boss dies.
GINTOKI: Was it you?
GINTOKI: I'm asking you if you're the\None who killed Utsuzo.
NAKAMURA: Back then I looked after the Young Boss.
NAKAMURA: It was a cinch to set things up.
NAKAMURA: It'd have been trouble if there was a fuss.
NAKAMURA: The foolish son won't come\Nout even though Boss dies.
NAKAMURA: That's right. You can't have the\Nunreliable heir take over.
NAKAMURA: You need someone with sharp\Nskills and a sharp mind.
NAKAMURA: A real yakuza.
GINTOKI: You're no yakuza...
GINTOKI: You're nothing but a scoundrel.
GINTOKI: You...
NAKAMURA: Seems the poison is finally taking effect.
NAKAMURA: I was starting to think poison\Ndoesn't work on a fool.
GINTOKI: I guess the reason the sake tasted bad
GINTOKI: wasn't only because it\Nwas poured by a man.
NAKAMURA: Finish him.
YAKUZA: Right!
YAKUZA C: Kill him!
YAKUZA: Come back here!
GINTOKI: Now you've done it...
YAKUZA D: Die!
YAKUZA D: Find him!
YAKUZA: Right!
YAKUZA C: Brother.
YAKUZA C: We just got a call from the hospital.
YAKUZA C: The Boss...
YAKUZA C: just died.
NAKAMURA: I see.
YAKUZA D: You did it. Everything is finally yours.
NAKAMURA: We're leaving.
YAKUZA: Huh?
NAKAMURA: Let's go home. He won't\Nsurvive those wounds.
YAKUZA D: Brother!
YAKUZA: Brother!
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Who...are you?
GINTOKI: Where's Utsuzo?
NAKAMURA: He's not here.
NAKAMURA: He left this world a long time ago.
GINTOKI: Was it you?
G INTOKI: I'm asking you if you're the\None who killed Utsuzo.
NAKAMURA: The foolish son won't come\Nout even though Boss dies.
NAKAMURA: That's right. You can't have the\Nunreliable heir take over.
NAKAMURA: You need someone with sharp\Nskills and a sharp mind.
NAKAMURA: A real yakuza.
YAKUZA D: Find him!
VOICE A: Who could have imagined that\NKyojiro would be in charge...
VOICE A: of Boss Mashiroi's funeral ceremony.
VOICE B: The one they call Guardian Dog.
 VOICE D : (WOMAN)I hear they butted heads a lot over\Nhim wanting to live an honest life.
 VOICE D : (WOMAN)They say he ran away from home\Nand no one knows where he is.
VOICE B: Rumor has it that Kyojiro killed him.
VOICE B: Who knows what really happened.
VOICE B: he lived like a stray dog.
VOICE A: if he hears you spreading\Nrumors like that.
VOICE C: How frightening.
SHINPACHI: We're asking you where Gin-san went!
YAKUZA C: I don't know what to tell you...
YAKUZA C: I don't know anything...
YAKUZA C: You're a spunky young lady.
YAKUZA C: But I don't know anything.
SHINPACHI: We're not getting anywhere with\Nyou. Call Nakamura-san!
KAGURA: Right! We don't want\Nto deal with small fries!
YAKUZA C: Do you people understand\Nwhat's going on here?
YAKUZA C: Brother doesn't have the time\Nto be bothered by you.
NAKAMURA: That's enough.
NAKAMURA: Come this way. I'll hear\Nwhat you have to say.
NAKAMURA: That's right. His client died.
NAKAMURA: It's what anyone would do.
SHINPACHI: Something's odd...
NAKAMURA: What do you mean?
SHINPACHI: but I can't imagine Gin-san giving up\Non the job for a reason like that.
SHINPACHI: The Boss's words were full of sincerity
SHINPACHI: when he said he wanted to confront\Nhis son face-to-face.
NAKAMURA: He commands a great deal\Nof faith...that man does.
KAGURA: but Gin-chan would never\Ngive up halfway on a job!
NAKAMURA: Tell me something.
NAKAMURA: What is that man to you?
 SHINPACHI: (FIRMLY)He's like family.
NAKAMURA: Let me tell you one thing...
NAKAMURA: Nothing good happens when decent\Npeople stick their noses
NAKAMURA: into yakuza business with\Na half-hearted resolve.
NAKAMURA: That's a warning to you.
BOSS A: You all know why I called this meeting.
BOSS A: I wanted to discuss the\NMashiroi Gang situation.
BOSS B: About a successor...?
BOSS C: Wasn't there a spirited guy there...
BOSS B: They call him Guardian Dog Kyojiro.
BOSS D: Guardian Dog? Are you kidding?\NHe's more like a mad dog.
BOSS B: He's sharp and he's got balls. But...
BOSS D: But we have to set an example\Nfor the other gangs.
YAKUZA: Brother!
YAKUZA: Brother.
NAKAMURA: It's from the organization bosses.
NAKAMURA: It's been decided.
YAKUZA D: What?
NAKAMURA: The date for the inauguration\Nceremony's been set.
YAKUZA D: Then...
YAKUZA D: But I'm worried...
NAKAMURA: About what?
YAKUZA D: That rumor's been going around.\NWill everything be okay?
NAKAMURA: Let people talk.
YAKUZA: But Brother...
NAKAMURA: That's enough! Leave\Nme alone for a while.
YAKUZA E: There he is!
YAKUZA E: Over there!
 NAKA: (M)Anything to survive that day...
YAKUZA E: Boss! This is the brat who's\Nbeen raiding our turf!
YAKUZA F: a brat so well known that even adults\Nmake way to let him pass.
YAKUZA F: He's a street urchin with no\Nparents and no home.
YAKUZA F: they might even thank us-if we wrapped\Nhim up and dumped him in the river.
BOSS: Guardian Dog.
BOSS: You can't form lines like those\Nwithout going through a lot.
BOSS: That settles it. I'm taking this dog.
BOSS: I want to see him lose those scowl lines!
 NAKA: (M)There was no enmity or insult.
 NAKA: (M)The first adult who ever smiled at\Nme was a bigger villain that I was.
BOSS: Come...
UTSUZO: Kyojiro?
BOSS: but he's a weakling. Look\Nafter him for me.
 NAKA: (M)became a Guardian Dog.
 NAKA: (M)to be needed by someone\Nmade me happy.
 NAKA: (M)I didn't mind being a guard\Ndog. That's how I felt.
BOSS: What?! Utsuzo was attacked\Nby the Zannenbi Gang?!
BOSS: Utsuzo!
UTSUZO: Daddy!
UTSUZO: Daddy!
BOSS: Kyojiro!
BOSS: Kyojiro!
 NAKA: (M)Boss was more worried
 NAKA: (M)about my injuries than about his\Nown son...his tears felt warm.
 NAKA: (M)The person who taught me-
 NAKA: (M)someone with no family-what\Nit meant to be family was...
 NAKA: (M)Your blood may not run\Nthrough my veins.
 NAKA: (M)But I will shed my blood at the same time
 NAKA: (M)and for the same things that you do.
GINTOKI: Let's not all be so formal. Drink up.
GINTOKI: Only those who work can\Nenjoy the taste of sake.
GINTOKI: Of course the work you do\Nis probably only crime.
GINTOKI: Yo! Is this a birthday party?\NHappy birthday.
NAKAMURA: You're...?!
GINTOKI: I thought we were friends?
GINTOKI: You could've at least invited\Nme to your party.
GINTOKI: I intend to repay you in full for the present\Nyou gave me the other day.
NAKAMURA: I've been in this business a long time\Nand met a lot of strong guys.
NAKAMURA: But I've never met a guy who returned after\Ngetting slashed and shot up like you.
NAKAMURA: I'm glad you're not a yakuza.
NAKAMURA: You put on quite a show here.
NAKAMURA: Those guys are the bosses\Nof our organization.
NAKAMURA: You'll never get out of here alive.
GINTOKI: Is that so?
NAKAMURA: Was it because of the Boss?
GINTOKI: Lawless fellows like you and me
GINTOKI: have nowhere to go once we've\Nlost our honor and humanity.
NAKAMURA: You're exactly right.
NAKAMURA: I can't survive in this business if\NI've lost my honor and humanity.
NAKAMURA: They're not my guys. It would appear...
NAKAMURA: the inauguration ceremony\Nwas just a pretense.
NAKAMURA: Rumors of my actions have gotten around\Ninside and outside my own gang.
NAKAMURA: The association never had any intention\Nof allowing me to succeed the Boss.
NAKAMURA: They were after my life.
NAKAMURA: Kill me.
NAKAMURA: Having a guy like you take my\Nlife rather than those guys
NAKAMURA: would give me something to boast\Nabout in the other world.
NAKAMURA: Honor and humanity?
NAKAMURA: I'd forgotten those words\Na long time ago.
NAKAMURA: I have nothing left to protect.
 NAKA: (M)Nothing...
BOSS: What? I dare you to say that again!
UTSUZO: I'll repeat it as many times as you want!
UTSUZO: I'll live the way I want to live!
BOSS: Wait! Utsuzo!
UTSUZO: He's a much more decent son than me!
BOSS: Stupid fool!
NAKAMURA: Boss!
NAKAMURA: Young Boss!
YAKUZA G: Young Boss!
YAKUZA F: Young Boss! Come on out!
YAKUZA: Young Boss!
YAKUZA G: Young Boss!
BOSS: This is so stupid...
BOSS: Having him succeed me...
BOSS: Maybe I thought that was the way\Nto show my love for my son.
BOSS: but they don't even know\Nhow to hug their own son.
NAKAMURA: Young Boss...
NAKAMURA: Listen up...
NAKAMURA: Don't let the Boss near the storehouse.
NAKAMURA: Boss will die soon.
NAKAMURA: and don't let him know that the\NYoung Boss is not there.
NAKAMURA: Understand?
YAKUZA H: Brother...where is...the Young Boss?
NAKAMURA: Young boss...
NAKAMURA: ...I killed him.
 NAKA: (M)This is...how it should be...
 NAKA: (M)Boss died without knowing\Nanything. My duty is...
 NAKA: (M)Fulfilled.
NAKAMURA: Wh-What...?! Are you...
NAKAMURA: doing?!
GINTOKI: I already repaid you for the\Nhole you put in my gut!
GINTOKI: That I'd bring his foolish son to him.
GINTOKI: So draw your sword! Fight!
NAKAMURA: that I'm the guy who\Ntried to take your life!
GINTOKI: That kind of thing wasn't going to kill me.
GINTOKI: I was just going along with\Nyour lousy playacting.
NAKAMURA: You...
GINTOKI: I saw right through you.\NYou're a lousy actor!
 GINTOKI (RECOLL: (RECOLLECTION)Was it you?
 GINTOKI (RECOLL: (RECOLLECTION)I'm asking you if you're the\None who killed Utsuzo.
GINTOKI: You would kill me and shoulder all the\Nblame to keep the secret hidden.
GINTOKI: you were going to die and take\Neverything to your grave?
GINTOKI: Stop trying to make yourself look good!
GINTOKI: If you really think of the old\Nman as your father...
GINTOKI: If you're really doing this for his sake...
GINTOKI: Live. Bring even a single lousy flower\Nand go visit him at his grave!
GINTOKI: I won't allow any more of the\Nold man's sons die!
GINTOKI: I won't let you die!
GINTOKI: I'll drag you to that old man's\Ngrave if I have to!
GINTOKI: Out of my way!
GINTOKI: Scumbags!
GINTOKI: Kyojiro!
GINTOKI: Kyojiro!
GINTOKI: Hang on! Hey!
GINTOKI: Dammit! Wait I'll get a doctor!
NAKAMURA: Don't bother. It hit me in the worst spot.
GINTOKI: Don't be so weak!
GINTOKI: Don't whimper just because\Nthere's a hole in your gut!
NAKAMURA: This is...how it's supposed to be.
NAKAMURA: I...can't face the Boss.
NAKAMURA: I couldn't protect what\Nwas precious to him.
NAKAMURA: It's divine punishment.
NAKAMURA: It's a death befitting a stray dog.
GINTOKI: You're not a stray dog.
GINTOKI: you protected it until the very end.
GINTOKI: You're not a stray dog.
GINTOKI: You're a noble Guardian Dog.
BOSS: Guardian Dog.
BOSS: You can't form lines like those\Nwithout going through a lot.
BOSS: That settles it.
BOSS: I'm taking this dog. I want to see\Nhim lose those scowl lines!
YAMAZAKI: A spy's most dangerous assignment\Nis the undercover investigation.
Next time: The next episode... "Life is a Test."
 Name:  Text
YAMAZAKI: GinTama...
YAMAZAKI: Right after these messages!
ANTIFOREIGNER FACTION MEMBER A: He apparently sent a spy into the Shinsengumi\Nand tried to kill Chief Kondo.
ANTIFOREIGNER FACTIONMEMBER B: Wh-Who are you?!
YAMAZAKI: H-Hold on a second. I'm not suspicious.
ANTIFOREIGNER FACTIONMEMBER B: Who are you?! Give us your name!!
YAMAZAKI: Umm... I see that you have a sword at your\Nside when there's a ban on swords...
YAMAZAKI: I assume that you are Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members.
ANTIFOREIGNER FACTIONMEMBER B: What do you want?!
YAMAZAKI: Please...
YAMAZAKI: Would you...
YAMAZAKI: Would you let me join the ranks\Nof the Anti-Foreigner Faction?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is the most dangerous\Npart of my job as a spy.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)It's called undercover investigations.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I sneak into the ranks of the enemy and\Nleak secret information to my allies.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)You must be skilled enough to\Nmask your true feelings while
 YAMAZAK: (mono)risking your life when faced with the danger\Nof being discovered by the enemy.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)You need finesse to perform your job\Nwith precision in extreme situations.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)You need to be extremely bland in\Norder to blend in with everything.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I never expected Anti-Foreigner Faction\Nmembers to be hiding in a town like this.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)[Note: Parody of Akihabara.]
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The town is like a maze. It's indeed\Na perfect place for hiding out.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The Unstoppable Kotaro Katsura.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I have to get close to him. Find\Nout where his officials are...
 YAMAZAK: (mono)And round up all of the Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members.
KATSURA: I see. I understand.
KATSURA: All right. Let's begin the interview.
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
KATSURA: Give me your resume.
YAMAZAKI: Huh? Umm... I can't join the Anti-Foreigner\NFaction without passing an interview?
KATSURA: It's a precaution against spies.
KATSURA: I can't fight and leave my back open to\Nsomeone with a suspicious background.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What is this?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Why do I need to take an interview to partake\Nin Anti-Foreigner Faction activities?
YAMAZAKI: S-Sorry... I forgot my resume.
KATSURA: I don't care about that.\NJust give me your resume.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Job hunting? I'm job hunting?!
KATSURA: You're supposed to come in a suit.
KATSURA: What did you come here for?
KATSURA: I'm not the only one who will tell you this.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)You're not a company!
YAMAZAKI: S-Sorry...
KATSURA: All businesses want people\Nwho have common sense.
KATSURA: We say that a person's education\Ndecides his worth...
KATSURA: But anyone can learn their\Njob while they're doing it.
KATSURA: I'm not "master." I'm Katsura.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I don't need you of all\Npeople to tell me that!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Why do I have to be lectured\Nby someone who
 YAMAZAK: (mono)holds an interview in a maid cafe?!
MAID: {\an4}Jankenpon.
KATSURA: we need common sense.
KATSURA: Keep that in mind if you want to become\Nan Anti-Foreigner Faction member.
MAID: {\an4}Jankenpon.
ANTIFOREIGNER FACTIONMEMBER A: Let's go.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)That's right.
MAID: {\an4}Turn that way!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)There's no way the Anti-Foreigner\NFaction
 YAMAZAK: (mono)would ever do anything weird\Nlike have interviews.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I'm glad... I managed to infiltrate them.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Why does the Anti-Foreigner Faction\Nhave an entrance test?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is no different from\Na regular business!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is weird! This is definitely weird!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is bad.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I never expected it to be so difficult to become\Nan Anti-Foreigner Faction member.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What kind of questions do\Nthey have on their test?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I never studied for it!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What is everyone studying?!
EXAM STUDENT A: I'm in trouble. I didn't study at all.\NI'm going to fail. This is bad.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This guy's bloodshot eyes\Nsay otherwise.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)There's always one faker in the class.
EXAM STUDENT A: Oh...
KATSURA: We're going to start the Anti-Foreigner\NFaction employment exam.
KATSURA: Put away your textbooks!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What textbooks?!
KATSURA: It's too late to stuff anything\Nelse into your head now!
KATSURA: You're no match for those who have always\Nbeen doing the review exercises!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Review exercises? What\Nreview exercises?!
KATSURA: I'm going to put the questions\Nup on the screen one by one.
KATSURA: Let the test begin!
KATSURA: Question one. Write down the correct\Nreading of the following word.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What is this?! It's incredibly easy!! I see!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The answer is "Shinsengumi"!
KATSURA: The answer is "scum."
 YAMAZAK: (mono)On what planet is that common sense?!
EXAM STUDENT B: All right! I got it correct!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Is that what these guys usually call us?!
EXAM STUDENT A: Tsk! A trick question.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What did you study all night?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is bad. I can't even get the correct\Nanswer using common sense.
KATSURA: The second question. Write down the\Ncorrect reading for the following word.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The normal answer would be "shogun."
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I'll get it right if I insult him.
KATSURA: The correct answer is Ken Matsudaira.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Why is there a kanji reading\Nfor a kanji word?!
KATSURA: Roughneck, and "cooking\Nlover" are also correct.
KATSURA: {\q1}[Note: "Roughneck" is "Abarenbo" in Japanese. Ken Matsudaira is the star of the TV show Abarenbo Shogun.]
EXAM STUDENT D: All right! I did it!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Why are there people who got it correct?!
KATSURA: The third question. Write down\Nthe following word in kanji.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This doesn't have anything to do with\Nthe Anti-Foreigner Faction anymore!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Jackie?! I don't know! This\Nis just plain unreasonable!
KATSURA: The answer is "nose."
 YAMAZAK: (mono)You just hate Jackie's nose!!
KATSURA: Chair and "Ryo Saeba was pretty\Npainful" are also correct.
KATSURA: [Note: Jackie Chan played Ryo Saeba in\Nthe Hong Kong version of City Hunter.]
 YAMAZAK: (mono)That last one was just your opinion!\NDon't mention City Hunter!
KATSURA: We've been doing Japanese until now.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is bad... I still haven't\Ngot a single question right.
KATSURA: Question number four.
KATSURA: There are ten Shinsengumi members.
KATSURA: Six Anti-Foreigner Faction members run\Ninto them on the side of the road.
KATSURA: but six more join them and two Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members are killed.
KATSURA: How many noses does Jackie have?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)How long are you going to\Nkeep talking about Jackie?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This has absolutely nothing\Nto do with the battle!!
KATSURA: Think about it for an hour.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I don't need an hour!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What if Jackie was in this battle?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What if Jackie's nose...
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Was cut off in the battle?!
KATSURA: The correct answer is "one."
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I was completely tricked!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I read into it too much and let a\Nquestion I could answer slip by!
EXAM STUDENT A: That was close.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What exactly were you tricked by?!
KATSURA: Umm... That's it for math.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This isn't math!
KATSURA: The next section is foreign language.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What language is this?!\NI can't read it at all!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Is this an alien language\Nfrom another planet?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)One guy is about to die and the other\Nis listening to his last words.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)He has something in his hand!
 PRIVATE: (mono)The Sergeant quickly grew\Ncold in my arms...
 PRIVATE: (mono)He was a drill sergeant who\Nwas so terrifying and hateful.
 PRIVATE: (mono)But right now his face looked so kind.
PRIVATE: Sergeant! I am a maggot!
PRIVATE: I was abandoned by my\Nparents like a maggot!
SERGEANT: No one will grieve for me anymore.\NBut you're different...
 PRIVATE: (mono)After the Sergeant said this he slowly\Ntook a blood-splattered photograph
 PRIVATE: (mono)out of his inner breast pocket.
SERGEANT: You have someone who\Nwill grieve for you.
 PRIVATE: (mono)It was a picture of when my mother\Nwas still young and healthy.
 PRIVATE: (mono)By her side was the Sergeant.\NHe was holding a baby.
SERGEANT: Tell me I'm a maggot...my son.
PRIVATE: Instructor...
 PRIVATE: (mono)The instructor smiled\Nand ceased moving.
YAMAZAKI: All right. This should be good!
KATSURA: That's it.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)It was a picture of Jackie?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)How long a passage do you need to\Nexpress how big Jackie's nose is?!
EXAM STUDENT A: It was wrong but I was touched.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Don't look at my answer!\NIt's too embarrassing!
KATSURA: The next question is the final\Nquestion in the written exam.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The last one already?! Most of the\Nquestions were only about Jackie!
KATSURA: Write down the reason why you want to join\Nthe Anti-Foreigner faction in Kamchatkan.
EXAM STUDENTS: What?! Kamchatkan?!
EXAM STUDENT B: This is impossible!! I can't write\Nin such a difficult language!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)It's over. I failed my mission.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The Vice-Chief is going\Nto be angry with me.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I'll just write anything...
KATSURA: Umm... One person got it correct.\NExaminee number 11!
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
EXAM STUDENTS: Wow!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I just wrote anything. Is this for real?!
YAMAZAKI: I did it!
KATSURA: I will send all you Anti-Foreigner\NFaction members to hell."
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh?
 CM BUMP: (mono)What?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)They discovered that I've come to\Ndo an undercover investigation!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What's the meaning of this?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Did they know who I was\Nfrom the beginning?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)U-Umm...
KATSURA: Hmm... You wish to become a part of\Nour undercover investigation squad.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh?
KATSURA: Those who have passed the written\Nexam will now take the final test.
KATSURA: We will have a skills test.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh? Huh?
KATSURA: You will take a skills test for\Nundercover investigation.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)There is an idiot right in front of me!!
KATSURA: So you will take the test\Nunder supervison.
YAMAZAKI: Captain...Dragon?
YAMAZAKI: U-Umm...
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh?
DRAGON: You're going to be sneaking into the headquarters\Nof a certain organization with me.
DRAGON: You'll pass if you can steal\Na secret document.
DRAGON: I'm not Jackie. I'm Captain Dragon!
YAMAZAKI: Your face is really close to mine.
DRAGON: Let me ask you one thing.
DRAGON: What is the one thing you must protect
DRAGON: more than anything during an\Nundercover investigation?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh? Is this a test question?
DRAGON: The answer is "your nose."
YAMAZAKI: Your nose?
DRAGON: That's right. Your nose!
DRAGON: There are many vital spots\Non the human body.
DRAGON: but this is wrong!
DRAGON: The most vulnerable spot is the nose!!
DRAGON: Got that?!
KATSURA: The final test...
KATSURA: Project Z will now begin!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)There it is. This was unexpectedly easy.
YAMAZAKI: I did it! I've passed the skills test!
KATSURA: What wonderful skills!\NYou've passed so far!
KATSURA: But you're being tested until you get that secret\Ndocument safely to our headquarters!
ENEMY E: We've got intruders!
ENEMY F: They're in the secret documents room!
YAMAZAKI: They discovered us!
KATSURA: The enemy found you during a crucial\Ntime. You're still too nave.
YAMAZAKI: They discovered us because of you!
ENEMY G: Wait! They're over there!
YAMAZAKI: Th-They followed us!
KATSURA: Here's a question. Choose the correct\Naction to take in this situation.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Huh?! This is part of the test?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)The correct action? Our only\Nchoice is to run away...
 YAMAZAK: (mono)A bicycle?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Nunchucks? A hanger?\NA dirty soccer ball?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)A clock tower?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I see! I have to use one of these objects!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)This is it!!
KATSURA: This is the correct answer!!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Oh no! So that was the correct answer!
YAMAZAKI: You fell?!
KATSURA: [Note: Parody of a Hong Kong\NKung-fu action movie.]
YAMAZAKI: I can't use that!
KATSURA: Let's go! We're going to shake them\Noff with a car chase. I'm good at that.
ENEMY B: There they are. Stop!
DRAGON: This is bad.
YAMAZAKI: Why your nose?!
KATSURA: Don't worry about us! We've overcome\Ndanger like this many times.
YAMAZAKI: You're just fools!
YAMAZAKI: It's a dead end.
ENEMY H: There they are! They're over there!
YAMAZAKI: Oh no! They're after us!
KATSURA: Here's a question. Choose the correct\Naction to take in this situation.
YAMAZAKI: You should take the correct\Ncourse of action!
DRAGON: Wrong. The correct answer\Nis to call Fatgon.
DRAGON: [Note: Parody of "Enter The Fat\NDragon" by Sammo Hung]
YAMAZAKI: Why Fatgon?! Why is he here?!
KATSURA: [Note: Parody of Yuan Biao. Also\Na Hong Kong action star.]
YAMAZAKI: Why would I do that?!
KATSURA: I see! But I won't give you a point for that!
YAMAZAKI: I don't need any!
YAMAZAKI: Again?! Why is Edo filled\Nwith dead ends?
YAMAZAKI: What is the Shogunate doing?!
KATSURA: That's a poignant Anti-Foreigner\NFaction-like comment.
KATSURA: I'll give you three points.
YAMAZAKI: You're annoying!
YAMAZAKI: This is the end of the line...
KATSURA: Here's a question. What do you think\NFatgon should do in this situation?
YAMAZAKI: That has nothing to do with Jackie\Nanymore! He's Fatgon!
DRAGON: I'm disappointed in you!
DRAGON: You're no different from\Nwhen you were a thief!
YAMAZAKI: I'm disappointed in you for trying\Nto get help from a thief!
FATGON: We'll talk afterwards. Get them!
YAMAZAKI: You should protect more\Nthan just your nose!
KATSURA: Here's a question!
DRAGON: Your comrade is being attacked!
KATSURA: What should you do?!
YAMAZAKI: Why don't you just ask me for help?!
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Katsura is my enemy.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)Captain Dragon is allied with\Nthe Anti-Foreigner Faction.
KATSURA: An Anti-Foreigner Faction\Nmember must sometimes
KATSURA: be cold-hearted in order\Nto accomplish his goals.
DRAGON: But you pass as a human being.
YAMAZAKI: Crap... We were almost there.
KATSURA: Here's a question.
DRAGON: Your comrades can't help you and\Nyou're surrounded by bad guys.
KATSURA: Choose the correct course of action\Nin this hopeless situation.
 YAMAZAK: (mono)I don't know... What should\NI do in this situation?
DRAGON: The correct answer is...
KATSURA: To not give up!
YAMAZAKI: But...
DRAGON: Take the secret document and run away.
YAMAZAKI: Huh? But what about you two?
KATSURA: We'll...
DRAGON: Protect...
DRAGON: Our new comrade!!
YAMAZAKI: Katsura-san!
KATSURA: Go! Get outta here!!
DRAGON: Don't let our efforts go to waste!
KATSURA: Go!
ENEMY C: I won't let you!
ENEMY A: Don't let him get away!
DRAGON: I won't let you!
YAMAZAKI: I need to get help! I need\Nto find help right away!
KAMAZAKI: Katsura-san and Captain Dragon are...
YAMAZAKI: Huh? Huh?
KATSURA: You did well. You passed magnificently.
KATSURA: You dropped something...
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
 YAMAZAK: (mono)What?!
KATSURA: The next episode... "People Are All Escapees\Nof Their Own Inner Prisons."
 Name:  Text
OFFICIAL: There's Prison Island.
OFFICIAL: It's a steel fortress that encompasses\Nthe entire island.
OFFICIAL: It's a real netherworld in\Nthe land of the living.
OFFICIAL: So you'd better bid a fond\Nfarewell to the sun.
KATSURA: Don't worry.
KATSURA: I've already finished saying farewell to everyone\Nfrom Yaoyorozu to Amaterasu.
KATSURA: {\q1}[Note: Yaoyorozu are spirits that dwell within objects and part of the Shinto religion. Amaterasu is a Japanese mythological sun goddess.]
KATSURA: All men are prepared for death every\Nmorning they sit down for breakfast.
 SUEK: (M)but my world has been this\Nsmall cell for a long time.
 SUEK: (M)The view behind steel bars\Nhas been my whole world.
 SUEK: (M)I spend every day in this moldy-smelling\Ncell where my heart has been corrupted.
 SUEK: (M)I don't remember how many times\Nmy heart almost broke.
 SUEK: (M)But finally the time has come for\Nme to leave those days behind.
 SUEK: (M)That's right.
 SUEK: (M)There's a boundless beautiful world out there\Nthat's not meant to be seen through bars.
 SUEK: (M)To gaze upon that world\Nis all I've ever wanted.
 SUEK: (M)Finally... Finally I've made it.
 SUEK: (M)It's taken 15 years to dig\Nout of here. 15 years...
 SUEK: (M)I've pounded into my mind\Nthe guards' routines
 SUEK: (M)and the times when other\Nprisoners are asleep.
 SUEK: (M)All I need to do is find the right time\Nto carry it out... I can't be impatient.
 SUEK: (M)The best time is early morning\Nwhen the prisoners are asleep.
 SUEK: (M)The best day is when the sea is calm.
 SUEK: (M)I've already secured an\Nexit route for escape.
 SUEK: (M)So I need to carefully pick the\Nperfect day and carry it out.
 SUEK: (M)If I can escape before a\Nnew prisoner arrives...
 SUEK: (M)...there won't be any problems.
KATSURA: I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself.
KATSURA: You looked like you were asleep.
 SUEK: (M)This was going to be over soon! But if\Npeople like them keep an eye on me...
 SUEK: (M)But wait! I should turn this predicament\Ninto an advantage!
 SUEK: (M)I'll plot to offer Katsura to Shachi.
 SUEK: (M)Two birds with one stone!
 SUEK: (M)Oh! They look pretty hostile towards me.
SUEKICHI: Yeah. I want him to know that I have\Nno hostilities toward any of you.
SUEKICHI: That crazy man isn't my friend at all.
SHACHI: What is it? What do you want?
 SUEK: (M)Shachi?! He's cutting off the\Nragged part of his sleeves!
MAN B Alt.: He's been like that ever since.
MAN B Alt.: He's cutting off all the ragged\Nparts from his kimono.
SHACHI: I really don't care if it's cool or uncool!
SHACHI: That's not the reason I wore it like that.
SHACHI: I'll never wear ragged sleeves again!
SHACHI: Let me tell you something...my ragged\Nbangs and my sleeves are not related.
SHACHI: I found another one here!\NAnother ragged one!
SUEKICHI: Huh? Um...
KATSURA: You bastards! You made Suekichi-dono's\Nsleeves ragged. Shame on you!
MAN B: We didn't do that!
KATSURA: Shut up! What are all these\Ntriangular pieces?!
KATSURA: They're enough evidence!
KATSURA: Shut up!
KATSURA: You couldn't sleep last night again?
SHACHI: Katsura-san!
SHACHI: It's because we were playing UNO all night\Nuntil early this morning in your cell.
SHACHI: So he couldn't sleep with all the noise.
SHACHI: Because Katsura-san is so\Ngood at playing UNO.
 SUEK: (M)Why?! Why did it turn out like this?!
ALL: Yes!
 SUEK: (M)He's acting like the head prisoner!
KATSURA: Yeah.
 SUEK: (M)How did he manage to\Ninfluence the guard?!
 SUEK: (M)It could be that I've challenged\Nan extraordinary man.
 SUEK: (M)somehow I don't despair.
 SUEK: (M)but it has been gradually\Nchanged by that man.
 SUEK: (M)even if it's still really hard.
 SUEK: (M)making up for their past sins\Nand correcting their ways
 SUEK: (M)Their eyes have started looking\Ntowards the future.
 SUEK: (M)Through interaction with the prisoners...
 SUEK: (M)...the guards have started\Nrealizing the joy of forgiveness
 SUEK: (M)and the value of rehabilitating people\Ninstead of just abandoning them.
 SUEK: (M)And for 15 years...
 SUEK: (M)...and digging a tunnel...
 SUEK: (M)...finally closed it off.
PRISONER B: ...is starting to taste good.
KATSURA: And only when these three have been satisfied\Ndo people truly realize that they're alive.
SHACHI: The one who taught us this was...
SHACHI: Thank you...for helping us\Nbecome...humans again.
GUARD: Sorry...
PRISONERS: Good night!
SUEKICHI: I'm just curious about what kind\Nof crime you committed.
KATSURA: I didn't commit any crimes. I came\Nhere of my own free will.
SUEKICHI: What for?
KATSURA: I'm a revolutionist of course.
SUEKICHI: That's amazing! You make\Nsuch a bold statement!
SUEKICHI: ...at least I've changed.
SUEKICHI: My sleeping problem is gone.
 SUEK: (M)I've decided to dig a new tunnel.
 SUEK: (M)It's a long tunnel and I don't\Nknow when it'll open.
 SUEK: (M)I don't need any escape routes anymore.
 SUEK: (M)I'll fight for the sake of tomorrow.
 SUEK: (M)With that guy... With that man...\NI'll be able to reach it.
 KATS: (M)He's finally asleep. He\Ngave me a hard time.
KATSURA: Thanks for waiting.
 KATS: (M)He was a tough guy who\Ndidn't have any flaws.
 KATS: (M)I never imagined I'd have a man with sleeping\Nproblems in the cell opposite mine.
 KATS: (M)But I can easily handle it.
 KATS: (M)It looked like he was completely tricked by\Nme and seems to have let his guard down.
 KATS: (M)It's too bad I won't be able to see his
 KATS: (M)but it can't be helped.
 SHAC: (M)All right! Looks like he's finally asleep!\NHe gave me a hard time.
 SHAC: (M)He was a tough guy who didn't\Nhave any weaknesses.
 SHAC: (M)I had some trouble getting\Nhim to let his guard down.
 SHAC: (M)I've been spotted?! No way!
 MAN : (M)All right!
 MAN : (M)It looks like he's finally asleep!\NHe gave me a hard time...
 MAN B (M): (M) Alt.All right! He looks like he's finally asleep!
 PRIS: (M)All right!
GUARD B: Huh?
GUARD B: Just fill them in. Fill them in.
ENDING DREDITKAGURA: The next episode... "There's Almost a 100% Chance\NYou'll Forget Your Umbrella and Hate Yourself For It."
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: It's not Gin-san. I'm Pako right now.
BANEKO: That's right. Right now you guys are...
WAKAME: ...splendid butterflies\Ndancing in the night.
AGOMI: This special dancing team...
SAIGO: You're a member of Kamaxile!
DRUNK: Hey! Dance better!
SIAGO: Here's the payment for\Nboth Pako and Pachie.
SHINPACHI: Thank you very much.
BANEKO: You can officially join KAMAXILE and\Nbe a real member if you'd like.
GINTOKI: Shut up. Who would wanna\Njoin your toad-ugly group?!
WAKAME: That's right! He's jealous\Nof us! He's envious!
BANEKO/WAKAME: What?!
AGOMI: Good work today.
AGOMI: It's not Agomi. My name is Azumi.
WAKAME: She's been like that lately.
WAKAME/BANEKO: Maybe so.
WAKAME: Get home safe.
SHINPACHI: Have a nice night.
GINTOKI: There's no scarier place than that.
KAGURA: That's true. It's like "Scary\NFace Safari Park."
SHINPACHI: Agomi-san.
AGOMI: My name is Azumi.
AGOMI: ...It was two weeks ago...
WAITER: Here's your boiling stone\Nbowl ramen special!
AGOMI: Wow! It looks so yummy!
AGOMI: Let's eat!
AGOMI: It's hot!!
AGOMI: Owwww!
JUROTA: Are you...all right?
AGOMI: That's right.
AGOMI: Hey! Are you listening to me?!
AGOMI: His name is Jurota.
SHINPACHI: Takamagahara... That's\NKyoshiro-san's...
AGOMI: I'm just another hostess...\NAnd he's a host...
AGOMI: That's right. An innocent young girl\Nlike me is destined to play around.
GINTOKI: I think I'm suffering from\Nauditory hallucinations.
SHINPACHI: Why are you two being\Nso negative? Cheer up!
SHINPACHI: The rainy season will be over soon.
SHINPACHI: Then you can get as much\Nsunlight as you want.
GINTOKI: ...That's why I hate the rainy season.
GINTOKI: [Note: Japanese pronounce "to you"\Nlike tsu-yu. Tsuyu = rainy season.]
SHINPACHI: ...Isn't that a little long?
KAGURA: It's too difficult to say.\NI prefer "Girl's Day."
KAGURA: [Note: Kagura refers to the day\Nof a girl's menstrual period.]
SHINPACHI: That's even more difficult to say.
SHINPACHI: And it's not even an appropriate word\Nfor a show in this timeslot.
GINTOKI: Then let's adopt the middle viewpoint\Nand call it "Independence Day."
SHINPACHI: Why is that the middle?
KAGURA: I don't feel like doing anything.
SHINPACHI: ...Huh? Aren't you going to\Nuse "Independence Day"?
SHINPACHI: I felt a bit embarrassed saying that.
GINTOKI: Isn't it popular right now?\NIs it something cool?
SHINPACHI: I didn't say that! I don't\Neven know what it is!
KAGURA: You guys are too noisy!
KAGURA: Stop annoying me and just shut up!
SHINPACHI: Who do think is the most\Nannoying person?
SHINPACHI: You guys are just taking\Nyour stress out on me!
GINTOKI: Not really. I don't take\Nmy stress out on you.
KAGURA: Don't talk! I'm so annoyed\Nlistening to you guys talk!
GINTOKI: You're the one who shouldn't\Nbe talking! What's that?
GINTOKI: Those mini gongs on your head! There's\Nsomething ugly on your head!
KAGURA: Oh? Why do you wear only\None sleeve of that robe?!
KAGURA: Why don't you wear it properly?!
SHINPACHI: Good grief! I give up! I don't care\Nabout you guys anymore!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
SUB TITLE: ["There's Almost a 100% Chance You'll Forget\NYour Umbrella and Hate Yourself For It"]
GINTOKI: Why do I have to go out with you\Nguys on such a rainy day?
SHINPACHI: We should go out at such times.
SHINPACHI: An Edokko should enjoy each\Nseason's highlights.
SHINPACHI: [Note: Edokko is a Japanese term referring\Nto a person born and raised in Edo/Tokyo.]
SHINPACHI: Aren't they pure and beautiful?
GINTOKI: We see girls with umbrellas\Nall throughout the year.
GINTOKI: And girls with wet see-through\NT-shirts are more...
KAGURA: ...It's broken.
GINTOKI: Huh?
KAGURA: My umbrella is broken.
KAGURA: Women sometimes want\Nto walk in the rain.
GINTOKI: Hey. Your head is what's broken!
SHINPACHI: What's with her?
GINTOKI: Just leave her alone.
GINTOKI: Here.
KAGURA: I-I don't want it.\NThat umbrella is too flashy.
GINTOKI: Who said it was for you?
GINTOKI: This is for me. Just use that dirty one.
GINTOKI: That's all right. It's all right\Nif women walk in the rain.
GINTOKI: It's raining again today...
SHINPACHI: She really is a girl at heart.
SHINPACHI: I wonder if she'll be all right.
GINTOKI: It's raining again today...
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan.
KAGURA: ...What?
SHINPACHI: You're all drenched. Are you all right?
KAGURA: All right.
GINTOKI: You have such a cool umbrella.
GINTOKI: Would you mind letting us under it?\NBecause ours broke.
OMAKE CORNERCAPTION: [ANTI-FOREIGNER FACTION EMPLOYMENT\NEXAM MAKEUP TEST]
PREVIEWTAMA: But I have no idea what I should\Ndo during my vacation.
TAMA: The next episode... "Lucky Is a Man\NWho Gets Up and Goes to Work."
 Name:  Text
 CAPTION : (TITLE)["Birthdays In Your Twenties Don't\NHave Any Deep Meanings"]
KATSURA: Happy Birthday to me!
GINTOKI: What's with "KatsuraTama"?!\NCan't even pronounce it!
GINTOKI: You could've at least\Nnamed it "ZuraTama"!
GINTOKI: Shut up! I'm not gonna\Nput up with your crap!
GINTOKI: it's your fault the show was on a two-week\Nhiatus at the start of this month!
GINTOKI: Just when the Crisis Arc ended
GINTOKI: look what you've done!
GINTOKI: Hey! Cut out this whole "brother" thing!
GINTOKI: Don't ignore me!
KATSURA: Then let's begin the "Find Katsura in Four\NPlaces In Last Week's Episode Quiz"!
KATSURA: The first place is...
GINTOKI: The second place is...
KATSURA: The third place is...
KATSURA: You're just one step away from joining\Nthe Anti-Foreigner Faction.
KATSURA: The fourth is...
KATSURA: Quit monkeying with me!
GINTOKI: Damn you...that's different\Nfrom the first video!
GINTOKI: There was no way I could've found it!
KATSURA: We are bruddahs...
GINTOKI: You piss me off! This is what I'm going\Nto do with "ZuraTama"-I'm ending it!
KATSURA: What're you doing?! Stop it! Don't end it!
KATSURA: [Note: Spoof of Gintoki's closing\Nphrase "next is King Kong."]
GINTOKI: Enough already!
TAMA: Good morning. I've come to collect\NGintoki Sakata-sama's rent.
TAMA: I will resort to the use of force.
TAMA: If you're happy and you know it...
OTOSE: There'll be extra oil for dinner tonight.
GINTOKI: Why'd you arm a robot maid\Nwith those weapons?
OTOSE: I had old man Gengai modify\Nher for rent collection.
GINTOKI: caused a coup d'etat and all\Nof her kind were destroyed.
GINTOKI: She's an illegal robot that you're\Nnot supposed to have.
GINTOKI: Don't make her do anything that'll\Nattract a lot of attention.
GINTOKI: You'll be arrested.
OTOSE: What're you talking about? You're\Nthe one who brought her here.
OTOSE: I'll be fine. I'm used to looking after\Npeople with questionable pasts.
OTOSE: And there's that face. She's\Npopular with my customers.
OTOSE: She's become my most popular girl.
TAMA: Forgive me.
OTOSE: There's just one thing...
GINTOKI: Huh?
OTOSE: but that girl only works for people and\Ndoesn't ever think about herself.
CATHERINE: {\a6}What the hell did you do that for?!
OTOSE: I wonder if she's finding\Nit arduous and tiring.
OTOSE: I want them to enjoy life.
GINTOKI: When are they going to run\Nthe next Hanger x Hanger?
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Shonen JUMP's Hunter x Hunter.]
GINTOKI: Keeping me in suspense like that!
TAMA: Do you think I should request\Nadditional memory?
GINTOKI: What you lack isn't memory;\Nyou lack fun!
TAMA: I feel a desire to work.
TAMA: Is there any work I can do?
GINTOKI: Forget it!
GINTOKI: Sitting here is the customer's "work."
OTAE: ...is that you?
 GINTOKI (F: (FAINTLY)Tsk.
OTAE: Who is this?
TAMA: I am Gintoki-sama's enjoyment.
OTAE: What?
GINTOKI: That's not right! Be more specific!
TAMA: and I have been ordered to sit still.
GINTOKI: Just a minute. What? That's not\Nit! Not it! That's not how it is!
GINTOKI: like you've seen something\Nimmoral and illegal?!
GINTOKI: Like I'm an old man who\Ntricked a young girl
GINTOKI: and brought her to a hostess\Nclub to enjoy her reaction.
GINTOKI: That sort of perverted play?
OTAE: This establishment does\Nnot allow individuals
OTAE: who violate public order and morals.
GINTOKI: Wait! Wait! Wait!
OTAE: Oh? So what you're saying is...
OTAE: You should be ashamed!
OTAE: a guy who tries to trick a\Nwoman out of her money
OTAE: deserves to have his butt\Nhairs yanked out.
OTAE: Do come again.
TAMA: Your face.
GINTOKI: Isn't there anything you want?
TAMA: Something I want?
GINTOKI: I'll show you around.
GINTOKI: You're always wearing the same clothes.
GINTOKI: Wear something fashionable\Nnow and then.
CLERK: You're the one who put it there!
GINTOKI: wants to buy a kimono for mother\Nback home in the country...
CLERK: What're you talking about? What girl?
GINTOKI: Huh?
CLERK: Buy this! You booger brain!
TAMA: I forgot to bring my money.
GINTOKI: I see. Then let's go...
TAMA: It's nothing. It's just oil.
TAMA: Which one do you think\Nmatches me better?
GINTOKI: They're both the same!
TAMA: They're completely different.
GINTOKI: What's an engagement screw?\NNever heard of it.
OLD MAN: That one has a story behind it.
OLD MAN: That screw was part of the machine\Nthat built the machine
OLD MAN: used one cold winter night to heat\NNobunaga's straw sandals.
GINTOKI: That's about as ordinary\Na screw as they come!
TAMA: Fenis monjaa!
TAMA: [Note: Gibberish that sounds like the "Gonna\NFly Now" song from the Rocky movie.]
TAMA: All right.
AESTHETICIAN: Relax...
TAMA: I drank too much oil.
TAMA: I'm sorry. I tried so hard to let loose.\NGintoki-sama. Did I succeed?
GINTOKI: It's not about trying to let loose.
TAMA: there's no reason for me to exist.
TAMA: You and Otose-sama have\Ntried so hard to help me.
TAMA: If I don't live up to your expectations...
GINTOKI: You know...
TAMA: Thank you for buying me this screw.
GINTOKI: ...Yeah...
TAMA: Do you know just how many people's\Nlives this screw is supporting?
TAMA: It's the basis for creating the framework of\Nall sorts of things like houses and vehicles.
TAMA: There is nothing that better personifies
TAMA: the spirit of desiring to\Nbe helpful to people.
TAMA: This is how we robots want to be.
TAMA: We want to be the screw\Nthat supports society.
TAMA: The screw is the symbol of our spirit.
GINTOKI: Maybe household appliances need to have\Nit all together in order to be useful.
GINTOKI: simply by smiling.
CHILD: Don't blame us!
TAMA: ...Poor thing. I'm sure it still wanted\Nto be useful to people.
GINTOKI: Don't blame me if the old lady kills you.
OTOSE: Gintoki!
OTOSE: It's Tama! She hasn't come\Nback since yesterday!
OTOSE: Do you know something?!
GINTOKI: Tsk. Where could she have gone?
TAMA: there's no reason for me to exist.
GINTOKI: I hope she doesn't get the wrong idea.
CHILDREN: We did it! We hit the girl!
GINTOKI: A robot can smile like that?
GINTOKI: When she's...
GINTOKI: surrounded by smiles...
GINTOKI: that's when she's at her best.
TAMA: Gintoki-sama.
TAMA: please allow me to let\Nloose with you again.
CUSTOMER: Hey! Beer!
OTOSE: Coming right up.
OTOSE: ...What're you doing here? I said that\Nyou didn't have to come to work today.
TAMA: That's all right.
CUSTOMER: Hey! Beer!
TAMA: Coming!
OTOSE: Hold on.
OTOSE: She's a hopeless child...
OKITA: Huh? Clean the toilets?
OKITA: You're already disgusting enough.
HIJIKATA: What?!
OKITA: The next episode... "Cleaning\Nthe Toilet Cleanses the Soul."
 Name:  Text
HIJIKATA: Here is this week's cleanup duty roster.
HIJIKATA: Squad 3: dojo. Squad 2: kitchen.\NSquad 5: patrol cars. Squad 1...
HIJIKATA: toilets...
SQUADMEMBER B: Gross...I feel sick.
SQUADMEMBER B: It splashed on my face!
SQUADMEMBER D: Let's call it a day and\Nget back to our jobs.
SEIZO: That wouldn't be right.
SEIZO: What do you people think cleaning is?
SEIZO: Have you heard this story?
SEIZO: Don't you see?
SEIZO: Filthy surroundings soil the soul.
SEIZO: A healthy soul is nurtured\Nby healthy surroundings.
SEIZO: Keeping our surroundings clean...
SEIZO: This is also a part of the\NShinsengumi's job.
SQUADMEMBER F: Seizo-san...
SQUADMEMBER C: Seizo?
SQUADMEMBER B: Seizo Kumanaku. He joined Squad 1 during\Nthe recent reorganization of squads.
SQUADMEMBER B: [Note: Seizo Kumanaku is a play on "kumanaku seiso"\Nwhich means to completely clean something.]
SQUADMEMBER A: He's well known for his\Nextreme fastidiousness.
SEIZO: Clean until you'd be willing\Nto lick the urinal.
SEIZO: Make it your responsibility\Nto clean your urinal.
SEIZO: How does it feel?
SEIZO: Don't you feel your soul becoming cleaner\Nas the filth washes away from the urinal?
SEIZO: That's right. Cleaning is an\Nact that polishes your soul.
OKITA: You're right. It's as though\Nmy soul is being cleansed.
SEIZO: That's a mole.
OKITA: But I got if off.
SEIZO: What have you done?!
OKITA: That was a mole? Sorry about that.
SEIZO: Why'd you flush it down?!
SEIZO: My mole...
SEIZO: Just a minute! You haven't\Nfinished cleaning!
SEIZO: Wait...
OKITA: They're hopeless.
SEIZO: No one tries to clean the toilets.
SEIZO: They dribble urine outside the urinals as\Nthough that's how it's supposed to be.
SEIZO: They don't wash their hands.
SEIZO: They walk about headquarters\Ncovered with germs and
SEIZO: touch everything with their\Ngerm-covered hands.
SEIZO: The germs are transmitted\Nfrom person to person
SEIZO: This headquarters is\Na germ-infested den.
SEIZO: The stagnation caused by the germs
SEIZO: will eventually cloud the soul\Nof the Shinsengumi.
SEIZO: A revolution is needed.
SEIZO: That's right...
SEIZO: A toilet revolution!
HIJIKATA: Huh?
HIJIKATA: You want new toilets?
OKITA: He requests that we at least\Nchange the faucets
OKITA: from handle-type to sensor-type.
HIJIKATA: We don't have the funds or the time\Nto spend on such useless projects.
HIJIKATA: spend it cleaning the Anti-Foreigner\NFaction in the city.
SEIZO: but do you wash your hands\Nafter doing your business?
SEIZO: Then let me ask you: why\Ndo you wash your hands?
SEIZO: Why do your hands become dirty\Nwhen you do your business?
HIJIKATA: You know damn well-I don't\Nfeel right unless I wash them.
SEIZO: Don't try to hide it.
SEIZO: What is it? What did you touch?\NWhat is it that's filthy?
HIJIKATA: Well it's...
HIJIKATA: you know...that.
SEIZO: That's right
SEIZO: he has to touch that filthy something that
SEIZO: hangs between his legs when\Nhe does his business!
SEIZO: the act of washing one's hands\Nafter doing one's business
SEIZO: is a way of resetting oneself\Nafter touching that thing.
SEIZO: It is an important rite of purification\Nfor going on with one's life!
SEIZO: However!
SEIZO: All right.
SEIZO: Let's call the germs that\Nget on your hands
SEIZO: [Note: Tama (balls) + kin (germ).]
SEIZO: You do your business. And your\Nhands are covered with tamakin.
SEIZO: so you turn the handle on the faucet.\NYou wash off the tamakin.
SEIZO: However! However! Take a step back\Nand think about it.
SEIZO: That's right!
SEIZO: What did you do with those clean hands?
SEIZO: You turned the tamakin-covered handle\Nonce more to turn off the water!
HIJIKATA: Don't make it sound so bad!
HIJIKATA: Why're you making it sound as though\NI'm the only one who does it?!
OKITA: I don't wash my hands after\Ndoing my business.
OKITA: I just leave the toilet.
HIJIKATA: You're directly spreading the tamakin!
SEIZO: The only way to break through\Nthis situation is to change
SEIZO: the faucets from handle-type\Nto sensor-type.
HIJIKATA: You think too much. You can't go about\Nyour life if you worry about germs.
HIJIKATA: Utterly ridiculous!
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief.
YAMAZAKI: We're grilling corn on the cob.\NWould you like to join us?
HIJIKATA: What is that?!
SEIZO: Tamakin...
HIJIKATA: Tamakin?! You mean that?!
HIJIKATA: That can't be...it's everywhere...
HIJIKATA: It's...
HIJIKATA: Hey! Kondo-san...Kondo-san's covered\Nin an enormous amount of tamakin!
SEIZO: It's probably because he touches\Nhis thing an awful lot.
SEIZO: The eggs have completely hatched.
HIJIKATA: How can we bring him back to normal?
SEIZO: A toilet revolution...it's the only way.
SEIZO: That settles the installation\Nof sensor-type faucets.
SEIZO: It's probably the result of\Nusing the toilet together.
SEIZO: causing urine to fly in all directions.
SEIZO: Our first priority will be to establish\Na "no group urination" rule.
HIJIKATA: Leave that to me. I'll add it to our rules.
HIJIKATA: I've got it!
HIJIKATA: What if we soil the urinal\Nbefore they use it?
HIJIKATA: Think about how you urinate\Nin a Western-style toilet.
HIJIKATA: If there's something stuck to the bowl...
HIJIKATA: you know how you unconsciously\Naim at it to shoot it off?
HIJIKATA: We'll use that psychology and make\Nit so they'll aim into the urinal.
OKITA: Is that what you always do?
OKITA: How about this?
SEIZO: That's my mole!
OKITA: I was hoping I'd find a good\Nuse for it somewhere.
SEIZO: How is this a "good" use?!
SEIZO: You want someone to aim\Nhis urine at my mole?
OKITA: I see. Sorry about that.
SEIZO: Don't flush it down! You have no\Nrespect for a person's body parts!
OKITA: Oh...then I'll use this.
HIJIKATA: What's the meaning of that?!
OKITA: It's the dirt of the Shinsengumi.
HIJIKATA: Dirty is what you are on the inside! Quit\Nmonkeying around-take that off!
SEIZO: Someone's coming. Hide!
OKITA: Do you think it's going to work?
HIJIKATA: Don't be silly! That's not going to work!
OKITA: Oh...it didn't work.
HIJIKATA: You see.
OKITA: They did a number two.
HIJIKATA: What happened?!
OKITA: It worked too well.
OKITA: It would seem their hatred of\Nthe object was too great.
OKITA: This photo has a hole poked through it.
HIJIKATA: What kind of urine does that?!\NDo they hate me that much?!
OKITA: We can't have them doing number twos when\Nwe want them to clean up this place.
OKITA: And it's no use if they don't see it as dirt.
OKITA: What do you say we use\Nreverse psychology?
OKITA: We don't make them urinate in the urinal.
OKITA: We make it so that they can't\Nurinate anywhere else.
OKITA: we create a situation where they can't\Never dribble urine on the floor.
HIJIKATA: What kind of situation is that?!
SEIZO: Someone's coming.
OKITA: You were pretty good.
SEIZO: You weren't bad yourself.
OKITA: I wonder how many years it's been\Nsince I've seen the stars like this?
OKITA: I'd forgotten the sky was this big.
SEIZO: It's kind of neat to do this sort\Nof thing every once in a while.
HIJIKATA: Who'd be able to urinate?!
OKITA: No one would interrupt a friendly\Nmoment between two guys.
HIJIKATA: Are you two planning to repeat\Nthat crummy skit of yours
HIJIKATA: every time someone comes to pee?!
OKITA: Then...
HIJIKATA: What sort of perverted play is this?!
HIJIKATA: It's unsanitary!
OKITA: They'll be fine with it.
OKITA: I'll draw a woman's face here so\Nthey won't be uncomfortable.
HIJIKATA: Hey! Now it's turning into something\Ntotally different!
SEIZO: Can you make the hole\Na little larger for me?
HIJIKATA: What're you adjusting the\Nsize for?! Forget the ego!
HIJIKATA: The problem is not the\Nhole. It's the mouth!
HIJIKATA: Do you think we can broadcast this?!
OKITA: I see. If that's the problem...
SEIZO: Somebody's coming.
SEIZO: Hide.
HIJIKATA: It's awfully quiet.
OKITA: What's he doing?
HIJIKATA: When's he going to leave? Take a peek.
KONDO: ...I'm...stuck.
 YAMA: (M)I don't know why.
 YAMA: (M)but our Shinsengumi Headquarters was suddenly\Ntaken over by mysterious germs.
 YAMA: (M)we were attacked without\Nwarning by the germs.
 YAMA: (M)several days after the Vice-Chief\Nbegan talking some nonsense
 YAMA: (M)about a toilet revolution or something.
 YAMA: (M)everyone became afraid\Nof going near the toilet.
 YAMA: (M)But no one can stop their\Nbodily functions.
 YAMA: (M)Headquarters became a horrible mess.
 YAMA: (M)Perhaps that was to blame.
 YAMA: (M)Wrath...
 YAMA: (M)the toilet god's wrath brought\Ndown a hammer of retribution
 YAMA: (M)upon us for desecrating the toilet.
HIJIKATA: My god...is this our headquarters?!
SEIZO: Cut it down at its roots!
HIJIKATA: Origins?
SEIZO: The toilet! The toilet is\Nthe root of all evil!
HIJIKATA: Okay.
HIJIKATA: Charge!
HIJIKATA: My god!
OKITA: Can't even tell where the urinals\Nand toilet bowls are...
HIJIKATA: What's that?!
SEIZO: The core! That's the tamakin!
SEIZO: It's probably because he touches\Nhis thing an awful lot.
SEIZO: The eggs have completely hatched.
SEIZO: That's no longer Kondo-san.
HIJIKATA: Then that means it's...!
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san!
 YAMA: (M)Two months later.
 YAMA: (M)The tamakin grew at an incredible rate.
 YAMA: (M)It swallowed Kabukicho
 YAMA: (M)and eventually enveloped all of Edo.
 YAMA: (M)A fierce battle of survival began between\Nthe human race and tamakin.
HIJIKATA: That's...!
KONDO OHMU: Kondoooo
KONDO OHMU: [Note: Parody of the Ohmu from Nausica\Nof the Valley of the Wind.]
KONDO OHMU: ooohmu!
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san...?!
OKITA: There's so many.
SEIZO: It's the worst possible scenario.
HIJIKATA: Kumanaku!
HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of the costumes from Nausica\Nof the Valley of the Wind.]
SEIZO: I'm guessing that the cells\Nrapidly continued to divide.
SEIZO: resulting in the host himself dividing.
SEIZO: This stampede is identical to\Nthe run of the lemmings.
SEIZO: This stampede won't stop until\Nit destroys the entire world.
HIJIKATA: You idiot! Think of something!\NThis all started because you...
MATSUDAIRA: [Note: Parody of a costume from Nausica\Nof the Valley of the Wind.]
MATSUDAIRA: Our targets are those god-knows-what\Ncaterpillars! Forward!
HIJIKATA: Pops Matsudaira.
MATSUDAIRA: Fire cannons!
ALL: Pops!
HIJIKATA: Sogo...It's up to you and me-
HIJIKATA: Shinsengumi members from the\Nvery beginning-to stop this.
OKITA: You see I am the descendent of the\Nmost evil tribe ever to walk the Earth.
OKITA: [Note: Parody of Giant Warrior from\NNausica of the Valley of the Wind.]
YAMAZAKI: I think he's melting!
SEIZO: It's been getting hot recently.
HIJIKATA: That's irrelevant!
YAMAZAKI: He did it! We might have a chance.
HIJIKATA: Hey! You're spent after just one shot?!
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief!
YAMAZAKI: [Note: Parody of the glider from Nausica\Nof the Valley of the Wind.]
HIJIKATAHIJIKATA: Kondo-san! Please stop!
KONDO OHMU: Kondo-Ohmu.
HIJIKATA: Kondo-san!
SEIZO/YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief!
YAMAZAKI: Vice-Chief...
KURIKO: Could you be...Mayo-sama?
HIJIKATA: But Soy Sauce On Pudding Only Tastes\NLike Pudding and Soy Sauce."
 Name:  Text
KURIKO: Please watch your weight.
KURIKO: Thank you very much.
EMPLOYEE A: Want to take a break with me?
KURIKO: Sure.
EMPLOYEE C: That's right! No cheating!
EMPLOYEE A: Shut up!
EMPLOYEE B: Why don't you take a break with me?!
EMPLOYEE C: What are you saying? With me!!
EMPLOYEE A: Want to fight?!
EMPLOYEE C: Step outside!!
MATSUDAIRA: But I won't allow it. I won't allow those
MATSUDAIRA: lowly cockroaches to breathe\Nthe same air she does!
HIJIKATA: Hold on!! This is the same as last time!!
MATSUDAIRA: They're not her friends!!
MATSUDAIRA: Papa-rin will never allow her to associate\Nwith such disgusting men!!
MATSUDAIRA: [Note: Paparin is a cute way of saying "Papa."]
HIJIKATA: Shut up!! I took a break\Nfrom work to come here.
HIJIKATA: You're just trying to stop your daughter's\Nwork friends from hitting on her?!
MATSUDAIRA: I just want to kill those men.
HIJIKATA: There's no way I'm doing that either!!
HIJIKATA: I'll give you that...
HIJIKATA: They look like they were\Njust hitting on her.
MATSUDAIRA: I need to take the initiative. I need to\Nkill them before they try anything!!
KONDO: Who are you calling Kondo?
OKITA: Sogo 13 appears once again because\Nthis looks interesting.
OKITA: [Note: Gorilla 13 and Sogo 13 are a parody\Nof the Golgo 13 manga series.]
HIJIKATA: Hey!! I told you this is just like last time!!
HIJIKATA: There are a lot of easier ways to do that.
HIJIKATA: I'll go over there and easily settle this.
MATSUDAIRA: Oh? You've got quite a bit of confidence.
OKITA: He's the guy who betrayed\Nus at the amusement park.
OKITA: I'll go.
OKITA: I'll shove a ton of enemas up their asses\Nand make them crap their pants.
KURIKO: Welcome.
KURIKO: Welcome.
KURIKO: I'm sorry you have to\Nwork so late at night.
KURIKO: Thank you very much.
EMPLOYEE B: Kuriko-chan.
EMPLOYEE C: Kuriko-chan.
EMPLOYEE A: What's your problem?! Don't cut in!!
EMPLOYEE B: What about you? No cheating!!
EMPLOYEE C: You're being a nuisance to Kuriko-chan!!
EMPLOYEE A: Who are you calling a nuisance?!
EMPLOYEE B: We're calling you a nuisance...
EMPLOYEE B: Because you are one!!
EMPLOYEE C: That's right!!
HIJIKATA: His daughter isn't even talking to them.
HIJIKATA: Pops sure is troublesome when\Nhe acts like a stupid parent.
OMITTEDKONDO: He's just continuing to act as\Nif he's reading that JUMP.
OMITTEDKONDO: He's not moving at all.
MATSUDAIRA: What is he doing?
KONDO: He moved!!
MATSUDAIRA: He's just turning the page!!
OKITA: Is he reading that JUMP for real?
KURIKO: That man by the magazine rack...
KURIKO: I think I've seen him before...
HIJIKATA: Hello? This is Hijikata.
MATSUDAIRA: Get moving already!!
HIJIKATA: All right.
EMPLOYEE A: Why don't we watch Pedro?
EMPLOYEE B: Come to my live performance!
EMPLOYEE C: A ride would be fun!
EMPLOYEE A: She's going to see Pedro!!
EMPLOYEE B: I said that she's going to\Nmy live performance!!
EMPLOYEE C: We're going for a ride!!
HIJIKATA: I'll take this!
KURIKO: Oh. Welcome.
 HIJIKAT: (mono)I won't kill them. I'll just scare them.
KURIKO: Mayonnaise...
KURIKO: It's you!!
KURIKO: You're Mayo 13-sama!
 HIJIKAT: (mono)Oh no!!
EMPLOYEE C: K-K-K-Kuriko-san?
EMPLOYEE A: W-Who is that man?
EMPLOYEE B: What's your relationship with him?
 HIJIKAT: (mono)Wait! I can use this...
HIJIKATA: She's my woman.
HIJIKATA: Our relationship is like that of a love\Naffair between a hopeless pimp
HIJIKATA: I'm always so unreliable.
HIJIKATA: But you don't need to worry\Nanymore. I'll always...
HIJIKATA: be by your side.
KURIKO: Mayo 13-sama...
HIJIKATA: Got that?! Don't ever come\Nnear my woman again!!
HIJIKATA: I'll kill you!!
EMPLOYEE A: N-No way...
MATSUDAIRA: Phew... That's one problem solved.
GINTOKI: Jeez!! This happens whenever\Nthe weather's nice.
KAGURA: Where do they come from?
SHINPACHI: They're like cats in heat. Really...
GINTOKI: Somewhere else? Where?
KAGURA: We don't have any money.
SHINPACHI: But at this rate...
HIJIKATA: That was not a confession of my love.
HIJIKATA: Your father asked me to do that.
HIJIKATA: I did it to scare them away.
HIJIKATA: I'm sorry I said that even though\NI'm not interested in you.
HIJIKATA: But it looks like they're gone\Nnow. I'm going to stop acting.
 KURIKO : (mono)Mayo-sama...
 KURIKO : (mono)Mayo 13-sama...
HIJIKATA: That's the story. Got that?
KURIKO: I've been in love with you from\Nthe moment I saw you.
KURIKO: And I wished that I could see you again.
KURIKO: And my wish was granted and\Nwe had such a fateful reunion.
HIJIKATA: I'd be in an awkward position\Nif your father saw us here.
HIJIKATA: He'd shoot me.
 HIJIKAT: (mono)Hey! Don't just listen to the\Nparts you want to hear.
HIJIKATA: Charming is that thing that men say...
HIJIKATA: ...when they're politely turning\Nsomeone down.
KURIKO: I've got to return to the store.
HIJIKATA: Huh?!
KURIKO: I think we can have a date\Nthis upcoming weekend.
HIJIKATA: H-Hey!!
HIJIKATA: She's not listening.
SHINPACHI: We heard everything.
KAGURA: We're professional relationship busters.
KAGURA: We break up people's relationships for\Nmoney and white rice. We'll help you.
HIJIKATA: Y-You saw all of it?!
HIJIKATA: Tsk. I don't really want your help.
GINTOKI: Oh? Does this mean you want\Nto continue your relationship?
KAGURA: You'll have a wonderful newlywed life.
GINTOKI: You'll have a poodle and\Nwear the same clothes.
GINTOKI: You'll hold hands as you go shopping\Nat the supermarket.
KAGURA: You'll come home every day at 6:00.
KAGURA: You'll have dinner as you listen to\Nher complain about the neighbors.
KAGURA: you'll realize that your gut\Nhas been getting big.
GINTOKI: Your wife will just talk to\Nthe television and say...
GINTOKI: That's easy to say... But the company's\Nhaving a rough time...
SHINPACHI: We predict a bland and terrible future.
GINTOKI: Believe in me.
CM BUMPERGINTOKI: Listen up. A man's worth...
GINTOKI: is decided when he can get a woman\Nto dump him instead of dumping her.
KAGURA: A girl's heart is like cotton candy.\NAny little thing can make it shrivel.
GINTOKI: You should just show her the unpleasant\Nand disgusting side of men.
KAGURA: Hijiketsu for short.
KAGURA: [Note: A compound of "hiji" from "Hijikata"\Nand "ketsu" from "fuketsu" (disgusting).]
GINTOKI: the quickest result is this.
HIJIKATA: I can finally see all those parts\Nthey wouldn't show on TV.
HIJIKATA: I've been waiting for this moment.
KAGURA: Most people would be disgusted.
GINTOKI: I'm having him act like he's\Na hopeless anime otaku.
GINTOKI: He's had experience as a hopeless\Notaku when he was
GINTOKI: possessed by his demonic sword\Nand turned into Toshi.
KAGURA: Otaku are the best way\Nto disgust women.
HIJIKATA: We don't have to watch\Nit if you don't want to...
KURIKO: I don't want to.
HIJIKATA: I thought so...
KURIKO: But I'll go with you.
HIJIKATA: Huh?!
KURIKO: I want to like the things...
KURIKO: that you like.
GINTOKI: Really?!
HIJIKATA: Why are you happy?
KURIKO: Are you dissatisfied?
KURIKO: Would it have been better if\Nthere were fewer bubbles?
KURIKO: Did it need more tentacles?
KAGURA: That bitch is formidable.\NWhat a terrifying girl.
SHINPACHI: Why is Kagura-chan getting hostile?
GINTOKI: Oh well. I guess I'll use "that"!
SHINPACHI: That?
KAGURA: What is "that"?
HIJIKATA: Two servings of the usual.
KURIKO: Is this the restaurant you usually go to?
KURIKO: It has a very traditional\Nand historic feel to it.
GINTOKI: Is there anyone who wouldn't be\Ndisgusted by the sight of that?
SHINPACHI: Disgusted?
KAGURA: I get a sour taste in my mouth\Njust looking at that.
KURIKO: What is this?
HIJIKATA: It's lunch!!
KURIKO: The One Piece of flavors is in my mouth!!
KURIKO: It's the Trichiliocosm of flavor!!
HIJIKATA: Do you really think it's delicious?
KURIKO: Yes. It's very delicious.
 HIJIKAT: (mono)I've found a kindred spirit here of all places.
KURIKO: Why do you ask that?
HIJIKATA: No... It's nothing.
SHINPACHI: This is bad! Hijikata-san was\Na little pleased about that!
SHINPACHI: He looks happy he's met\Na fellow mayo lover.
KURIKO: Thank you for introducing me\Nto something so delicious.
GINTOKI: They look like they're hitting\Nit off pretty well.
GINTOKI: We should let them get together.\NCombine okay?
SHINPACHI: You're suddenly giving up?!
SHINPACHI: Hijikata-san keeps looking at us!
SHINPACHI: He looks like he thinks everyone\Nin the world is a liar!
GINTOKI: Oh well. Shall we try the next plan?
GINTOKI: You've been showing off quite a bit!!
SHINPACHI: Don't act so cool just because\Nyou've got a woman.
KAGURA: How dare you prance around\Nand flirt like that.
KURIKO: Mayo-sama.
HIJIKATA: I-I'm sorry!!
HIJIKATA: I apologize if I've offended you.
HIJIKATA: At least spare our lives!!
HIJIKATA: I'll do anything. I'll even lick\Nthe soles of your shoes!!
GINTOKI: What an obedient kid.
GINTOKI: Lick the sole of my shoes?!\NGo ahead and lick them!!
SHINPACHI: [Note: A Suica is a smart card used\Nto pay for train rides in Japan.]
GINTOKI: You bastard!!
KAGURA: Don't hide it!!
GINTOKI: Jeez.
GINTOKI: How dare you always\Nuse such showy lines!
SHINPACHI: How many DVD covers\Nhave you been on?!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Hijikata adorns many GinTama DVD covers.]
SHINPACHI: How dare your merchandise\Nsell more than mine?!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Hijikatas consumer goods have\Nmore selection than Shinpachis.]
GINTOKI: Who cares if you're the Shinsengumi's\NVice-Chief?!
HIJIKATA: You're taking too long! How\Nlong do you plan on doing this?!
HIJIKATA: to vent your pent-up anger?!
KURIKO: You're getting bashful. That's so cute.
KURIKO: How could I say something\Nso embarrassing?
KURIKO: Don't hate me
KURIKO: for saying that.
HIJIKATA: I don't care what happens anymore.
GINTOKI: And leave that girl permanently scarred?
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter how many men you kill.
GINTOKI: You must never betray\Na girl's pure feelings.
SHINPACHI: Whoa! He's saying obnoxious\Nthings again!
SHINPACHI: She's got a harsh and really\Nplausible opinion.
GINTOKI: but are you prepared to never\Nappear in front of her again?
HIJIKATA: Of course.
GINTOKI: Are you prepared to do\Nanything to run away?
HIJIKATA: It depends on the situation.\NI'll do whatever I can!
HIJIKATA: Yeah.
KURIKO: Mayo-sama? Mayo-sama!
KURIKO: Mayo-sama!
HIJIKATA: Listen to me and don't turn around.
KURIKO: Mayo-sa
HIJIKATA: Don't turn around!
KURIKO: What is it?
HIJIKATA: I'm actually
KURIKO: A prince?!
 HIJIKAT: (mono)It's useless. There's no way\Nthis is going to work.
KURIKO: I thought so.
KURIKO: I sensed that you were\Nnot a normal person.
 HIJIKAT: (mono)It worked!! I've added mayo to the\Nend of my sentences and it worked!!
KURIKO: Are you going?
KURIKO: Take me with you.
KURIKO: I-I
KURIKO: I want to go with you.
HIJIKATA: D-Don't be silly.
KURIKO: Always?
KURIKO: Even though this is goodbye.
KURIKO: I won't cry.
KURIKO: Mayo-sama
SHINPACHI: Mayo!
KURIKO: Mayo-sama
KURIKO: Mayo-sama!
KURIKO: Mayo-sama I'm sure\Nthat we'll meet again.
SHINPACHI: Kuriko-san is a pretty nice girl.
GINTOKI: Yeah
GINTOKI: Did you fall in love with
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWCAPTION: [GinTama The Animation]
KAGURA: {\q1}[Note: Urashima Taro is the story of a fisherman who rescues a turtle and is rewarded with a visit to Ryugu Palace under the sea.]
KAGURA: caught a voyeuristic turtle\NWhen he went to Ryugu Palace
GINTOKI: Really?! Huh?! It exists?\NRyugu Palace really exists?!
KAMENASHI: It ordinarily exists
HASEGAWA: This is terrible.
HASEGAWA: Our boats heading to Ryugu\NPalace were destroyed
HASEGAWA: and we ended up on this deserted island.
OTOHIME: I am the most beautiful\Ncreature in the world.
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: What is it?!
SHINPACHI: Did you find the suspicious person?
GINTOKI: He's not here.
SHINPACHI: People who are not wearing swimsuits\Nand wandering around with cameras...
SHINPACHI: are suspects. He's probably been secretly\Ntaking pictures of girls in swimsuits.
GINTOKI: I see.
SHINPACHI: The peace of the beach\Nrests on our shoulders.
SHINPACHI: They say that all life forms\Ncame from the sea.
GINTOKI: {\an4}[Note: Ryugu Palace is the undersea palace of the dragon\Ngod of the sea according to Japanese mythology.]
GINTOKI: She probably went to look for a turtle.
SHINPACHI: Huh? People are gathering over there.
SHINPACHI: It looks like she got in a\Nfight. Let's take a look.
KAGURA: Huh? Don't think...
KAGURA: I'll let you get away with this.
KAGURA: Stand the hell up! That was\Nfor Krillin. Next is...
KAGURA: [Note: Refers to Krillin from Dragon Ball.]
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
SHINPACHI: What are you doing?!
SHINPACHI: Are you all right?!
SHINPACHI: Are you all right?! Is he a turtle?
SHINPACHI: How could you pick on a turtle\Nat the beach? That's abusive!!
GINTOKI: Is he really a turtle?
GINTOKI: Is he really turtle?
GIRL B: This girl helped us.
GINTOKI: So did you film them?
KAMENASHI: I wasn't filming them.
KAMENASHI: I was just filming kelp.
KAGURA: Liar!! You were only following\Naround girls!!
KAMENASHI: It's really annoying.
GINTOKI: but may I check the contents\Nof that video camera?
KAMENASHI: No. I told you that I didn't film them.\NThis is an invasion of privacy.
SHINPACHI: H-Hey!
GINTOKI: It'll clear you of any suspicion.
GINTOKI: Gimme that!!
GINTOKI: Where do you live?
KAMENASHI: My wife is going to be laying eggs soon.
KAMENASHI: She's very sensitive at the moment.
GINTOKI: She'll just have to shed tears\Nas she lays her eggs.
KAMENASHI: I really am sorry. I really\Nwon't do it again.
GINTOKI: What kind of oath is that? Is that\Npopular in the turtle world?
KAMENASHI: If something were to happen to the\Neggs in her belly because of this...
KAMENASHI: Even kelp can be washed\Naway by the river currents.
KAMENASHI: I wish I could eat kelp!!
SHINPACHI: Is that like "I wish I could\Ncrawl into a hole"?
KAGURA: I have some pickled seaweed.
SHINPACHI: It's a boat license.
GINTOKI: If you're a turtle--just swim!
SHINPACHI: Ryugu Palace? You live\Nin Ryugu Palace?
KAMENASHI: Oh... Yes. Actually I'm a guide\Nat the Ryugu Palace...
GINTOKI: Really?! Huh?! It exists? Ryugu\NPalace really exists?!
KAMENASHI: Huh? It ordinarily exists...
KAGURA: {\q1}[Note: Urashima Taro is the story of a fisherman who rescues a turtle and is rewarded with a visit to Ryugu Palace under the sea.]
KAGURA: When he went to Ryugu Palace...
KAMENASHI: Could you stop that? Could\Nyou stop singing that song?
KAMENASHI: It would be bad if it became folklore.
KAGURA: Yahoo! We get to spend summer\Nvacation at Ryugu Palace!
SHINPACHI: I never thought Ryugu Palace\Nactually existed.
SHINPACHI: Does that mean Taro Urashima\Nactually existed?
KAMENASHI: but a guest the first turtle brought\Nover was called Urashima-san.
KAMENASHI: We've called all of our guests\N"Urashima-san" ever since.
SHINPACHI: Isn't that amazing? We've\Nleft our mark in history!!
KAMENASHI: Of course not!!
KAMENASHI: Ryugu Palace is indeed a paradise that\Nonly chosen celebrities can visit.
GINTOKI: Despite their looks? There\Naren't any turtles like you.
KAMENASHI: As a special offer...
KAGURA: Make it free!!
KAMENASHI: All right. As a special offer...
KAGURA: Make it free!!
KAMENASHI: All right. I'll rub lotion on you for free!
KAMENASHI: [Note: He's holding erotic massage lotion.]
KAGURA: What kind of shop are you?!
GINTOKI: We've been drifting in the ocean\Nfor about two hours.
KAMENASHI: I got into an accident and killed\Na dolphin. I'm on trial now.
SHINPACHI: How many times have\Nyou been convicted?!
GINTOKI: Come on. Give me a break.
SHINPACHI: Th-That's...
SHINPACHI: Sis!! Kyubei-san!!
SHINPACHI: I thought you were out shopping\Nwith Kyubei-san.
KAMEMIYA: Otae-chan...
KAMEMIYA: Kyu-chan...
KAMEMIYA: I caught a nice swordfish.\NShall I clean it...
KAMEMIYA: on our way to Ryugu?
SHINPACHI: Wh-What kind of turtle is that?!
KAGURA: He's really cool!! He has\Na golden sheen to him!!
SHINPACHI: He caught a swordfish!\NHe has chest hair!!
GINTOKI: Is he really a turtle?
KYUBEI: We happened to save his\Ndaughter from bad men.
KYUBEI: He was insistent on inviting us to Ryugu Palace\Neven though we said he didn't have to.
KAMEMIYA: They were a rare brand of wicked men.
KAGURA: Sis!!
GINTOKI: Hey!!
GINTOKI: What's the meaning of that? Why\Nis there more than one turtle?!
GINTOKI: I thought it wasn't that easy\Nto go to Ryugu Palace!!
SHINPACHI: He said that Ryugu Palace is going\Nto be crowded!! We've got to hurry.
GINTOKI: Damn it!!
GINTOKI: We can't let them outdo\Nour summer vacation!!
SHINPACHI: Wh-What the hell is this?!
SHINPACHI: Oh! That's...
KAGURA: It's Madao!!
GINTOKI: No one would ever pick on that turtle.
HASEGAWA: He's taking me to Ryugu Palace now.
KAME CAPTAIN: [Note: Wordplay on Kajiki Maguro (swordfish)\Nand Suga Shikao (musician).]
KAME CAPTAIN: Why don't we clean it\Non the way to Ryugu?
SHINPACHI: What's a Shikao Suga?! How\Nare you going to clean that?!
KAME SAILOR: Captain!!
KAME SAILOR: There's something flying above us...
KAME CAPTAIN: What?!
KAME CAPTAIN: I-Impossible. That's... It can't be...
KAME CAPTAIN: It's a giant turtle.
KAME CAPTAIN: It's a soft-shelled turtle.
SHINPACHI: That's slightly inaccurate.
SHINPACHI: That's the wrong folktale.
KATSURA: {\q1}[Note: Millet dumplings are from the Japanese folktale of "Momotaro" and Tianzhu is from the Chinese legend "Journey to the West."]
GINTOKI: What country is that folktale from?!
KAME CAPTAIN: Fire!!
KAME CAPTAIN: Hasegawa-san's the one who's\Ngoing to go to Ryugu Palace!
KAME CAPTAIN: Madao has lost hope. I'm\Ngoing to give him a light!!
KATSURA: Who'd want to go to Ryugu Palace?!
KATSURA: We're going to Tianzhu!!
SHINPACHI: That doesn't exist!!
KAMEMIYA: You bastards!!
KAMEMIYA: I'm the feared Emperor of the Sea.
KAMEMIYA: I'll turn you all into weights\Nfor making Tatchan-zuke!!
SHINPACHI: Why?!
GINTOKI: We just wanted to go to Ryugu\NPalace. Why does this...
GINTOKI: have to happen to us?!
SHINPACHI: Is this...
SHINPACHI: Ryugu Palace?
 SHINPAC: (mono)This wasn't Ryugu Palace.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Here...
 SHINPAC: (mono)My...
 SHINPAC: (mono)worst summer vacation\Nwas about to begin.
NEWSCASTER: We have determined that the\Nperson who was rescued
NEWSCASTER: from the deserted island the other day
NEWSCASTER: who had gone missing sixty years ago.
JOURNALIST B: What did you eat?
JOURNALIST C: What did you think about?
JOURNALIST D: Wasn't there any way to escape?
JOURNALIST E: What do you want to do\Nthe most right now?
OLD SHINPACHI: I want to see Gin-san and the others.
 OLD SHI: (mono)There isn't anyone...
 OLD SHI: (mono)Everyone's gone...
 OLD SHI: (mono)They're not anywhere...
 OLD SHI: (mono)I'm alone...
 SHINPAC: (mono)I was alone even when I\Nawoke from my nightmare.
 SHINPAC: (mono)Taro Urashima grew old while living\Nthe fast life in Ryugu Palace.
 SHINPAC: (mono)But I'm going to grow old alone in this place\Nwithout ever reaching Ryugu palace.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I need to think positive!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm sure that Gin-san and\Nthe others are alive.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm sure they'll come to save me.
 SHINPAC: (mono)The world is just a reflection\Nof your heart.
 SHINPAC: (mono)One thought can change the\Nway you see the world.
 SHINPAC: (mono)This is a deserted island!!
 SHINPAC: (mono)There aren't many opportunities to experience\Nsuch complete solitude.
 SHINPAC: (mono)My heart suddenly feels lighter.
 SHINPAC: (mono)What are we afraid of?
 SHINPAC: (mono)my naked heart tenderly\Naccepts everything.
 SHINPAC: (mono)My heart melts in the wind.\NMy body melts into nature.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I had nothing to fear.
 SHINPAC: (mono)I'm...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Not alone...
 SHINPAC: (mono)I really wasn't alone.
HASEGAWA: S-Someone was here.
HASEGAWA: Let's ignore what we\Nwere doing just now.
SHINPACHI: Yeah.
HASEGAWA: I thought that I was completely alone.
HASEGAWA: I just let loose as if I was the\Nonly person in the world.
GINTOKI: Ka-me-ha-me-ha!!
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Dragon Ball]
GINTOKI: Something's wrong. Maybe I should\Ndo it with a little more oomph.
GINTOKI: Ka-me-ha-me...
HASEGAWA: We didn't see anything.
GINTOKI: Thanks. I thought I was\Ncompletely alone.
GINTOKI: I thought I could practice\Nto my heart's content.
OTAE: Yeah!!
OTAE: That girl is a lovely angel from\Nthe sun! Just a little wild! Say!
HASEGAWA: Umm... Everyone likes B'z. There's\Nnothing to be embarrassed about.
SHINPACHI: Th-They're always at\Nthe top of the charts.
GINTOKI: I understand. She wanted\Nto show that to someone.
KAGURA: That cloud... Laputa's got to be in there!!
KAGURA: [Note: Refers to Laputa: Castle in the Sky.]
OTAE: Everyone thinks that when\Nthey see a huge cloud.
OTAE: There's nothing embarrassing about that.
KATSURA: That girl is a lovely angel from the sun!
KATSURA: What's this?
KATSURA: That cloud... There's got to be a crystallized\NCrystal Takigawa in there.
KATSURA: [Note: Christel Takigawa is\Na Japanese newscaster.]
KATSURA: Oh no. I stopped in the middle of "SOS"!
SHINPACHI: What the-?!
GINTOKI: I can't understand any of his actions!
GINTOKI: I can't sympathize with\Nhim. What is this?!
GINTOKI: Why was he trying to save this?
KATSURA: It's miraculous isn't it? It looks\Nexactly like Crystal Takigawa.
GINTOKI: What do you mean by\NCrystal Takigawa?!
GINTOKI: What's miraculous is your idiocy!!
KATSURA: I ran out of piss halfway.
GINTOKI: Why does it have to be in piss?!
GINTOKI: I'm surprised you drew\Nsomething this big!
KATSURA: I was influenced by Inoue\Nsensei's commercial.
GINTOKI: Inoue sensei would never do this!!
HASEGAWA: This is terrible.
HASEGAWA: Our boats headed to Ryugu\NPalace were destroyed
HASEGAWA: and we ended up on this deserted island.
GINTOKI: You be quiet.
OTAE: It's great that everyone's all right.
GINTOKI: What's so great about this?
GINTOKI: Why are you already the leader?
OTAE: who will choose the leader who will\Ndecide how we'll choose a leader.
GINTOKI: He's the oldest.
GINTOKI: We should let him do what he\Nwants on this deserted island.
HASEGAWA: Don't say that in such an annoying\Nway! I don't want to be the leader!!
KAGURA: That's right. Madao is best left in charge\Nof opening and closing curtains.
HASEGAWA: Why am I in charge of something\Nthat doesn't even matter?!
HASEGAWA: There aren't even any\Ncurtains anywhere!!
KAGURA: You're in charge of closing\Nthe curtains on your life.
HASEGAWA: Are you telling me to die?!\NThis girl is telling me to die!!
KATSURA: What we need right now is\Nfood and a place to sleep.
HASEGAWA: We don't need anyone\Nin charge of curtains!!
OTAE: I want to be on the food team.\NI'll cook with the utmost care.
GINTOKI: Poison!
HASEGAWA: Look. I caught these.
OTAE: That's amazing!
OTAE: God gives merits to even the\Nmost worthless of people.
HASEGAWA: So you were praising God...
OTAE: We can't start a fire. I've tried everything.
HASEGAWA: Tried everything? Looks more\Nlike you were fooling around.
HASEGAWA: You were playing go.
OTAE: we'd gather around the othello\Nor go board and start a fire.
HASEGAWA: You can't start a fire that way!!
HASEGAWA: I was desperate to save\Nthese sunglasses.
OTAE: I see. That's problematic.
OTAE: Oh!! I know.
HASEGAWA: What? What are you going to do?
OTAE: I just got a great idea... Just watch.
HASEGAWA: it's probably impossible to start a fire\Nusing those lenses and sunlight.
HASEGAWA: You were going to break them?!
GINTOKI: We were supposed to have a wonderful\Nsummer vacation at Ryugu Palace.
GINTOKI: Why did this have to happen to us?
KAGURA: Things like this are nice once\Nin a while. It's like camping.
GINTOKI: Camping? We might not\Nbe able to get home.
KATSURA: Just as I expected of our leader.
KATSURA: You're a true samurai!!
KAGURA: I'm not a samurai. Don't touch me!
KATSURA: You always complain about silly things.
GINTOKI: Why are you suddenly trying\Nto get me to join you?
GINTOKI: Why are you talking to me\Nas if you're my mother?
KATSURA: It's a giant box.
GINTOKI: It looks manmade. Why is\Nthis on a deserted island?
KATSURA: You need to have the strength\Nto stand up to your enemies
KATSURA: with the knowledge of how\Nterrifying they are!!
GINTOKI: You already touched it!!
GINTOKI: Run away...
GINTOKI: Kagura!!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!! Zura!!
KATSURA: I'm not "Zura." I'm "Katsura"!!
GINTOKI: What is this smoke?!
KATSURA: I'm not "All right." I'm "Katsura"!!
KAGURA: Gin-chan!! Zura!!
KAGURA: Are you all right?
KAGURA: Who are you?!
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: This is it. You think we\Ncan use this cave?
SHINPACHI: It'll at least put a roof over our heads.
KYUBEI: These are the remains of someone\Nwho drifted to this island like we did.
KAMENASHI: Huh? Shinpachi-san?
SHINPACHI: K-Kamenashi-san?!
KAMENASHI: I've been looking for you...
SHINPACHI: How dare you repay my\Nkindness with ill will!
SHINPACHI: You were going to take\Nus to Ryugu Palace?!
KAMENASHI: Huh? Hey... What are you\Nsaying? Deserted island?
SHINPACHI: This is a deserted island! How could\Nyou do this? There's nothing here!
KAMENASHI: Huh? This isn't a deserted Island.\NThis is Ryugu Palace.
SHINPACHI: Wh-What the hell kind of nonsense\Nare you taking about?!
SHINPACHI: Of all the things to say!
SHINPACHI: I don't care!
OTAE: Shin-chan...
OTAE: Did you find something?
SHINPACHI: Sis!
OTAE: Oh my.
SHINPACHI: That's pretty much the same thing!
SHINPACHI: What is it?
KAMENASHI: I never expected you guys would\Nwash up near my house.
SHINPACHI: R-Ryugu Palace! This is Ryugu Palace?!
KAMENASHI: Pretty much near Saitama prefecture.
SHINPACHI: N-No way!
SHINPACHI: What?! Your wife?! This is your wife?!
KAMENASHI: She's not dead.
KAMENASHI: She just gets really tired when she's laying\Neggs and tends to grow very thin.
KAMENASHI: She even stops moving.
SHINPACHI: Thin? She's a skeleton!
SHINPACHI: She's not shy. She's a lot of things\Nbut shy isn't one of them!
KAMENASHI: Oh well...
SHINPACHI: She's beyond help!
KAMENASHI: Make sure you put your shell\Non when you sleep.
KYUBEI: What's the meaning of this?
HASEGAWA: Does that mean we can return\Nto our normal lives?
SHINPACHI: All right! We can leave! I'm\Nsick of Ryugu Palace!
KAMENASHI: Where will you go back to?
SHINPACHI: Huh?
KAMENASHI: There's nothing for you\Nto return to anymore.
MAN B: Hey...
MAN B: What is that?
HANANO: Just take a look at the terrible\Nthing that's happening to Edo.
HANANO: Machines that look like turtles suddenly appeared\Nand dropped mysterious boxes.
HANANO: The gas emitted from these boxes is turning\Neveryone in Edo into old fogies.
KUSANO: Have you received any information\Nconcerning that?
KUSANO: Hanano announcer? That's odd.
KUSANO: The video feed doesn't seem\Nto be coming in very well.
SHINPACHI: Edo's being turned into\Na city full of old people!
SHINPACHI: What's the meaning of this?!\NWhat happened to Edo?
KAMENASHI: a weapon developed in Ryugu\NPalace that hastens old age.
SHINPACHI: Ryugu Palace?! Ryugu Palace\Nlaunched that attack on Edo?!
KAMENASHI: It's dark at the root of seaweed.
SHINPACHI: from that disaster?
KAMENASHI: That's half right and half wrong.
KAMENASHI: I brought you all here because\NI believe you are
KAMENASHI: the only people who can crush\NOtohime and her plan.
SHINPACHI: Look over there!
KAME SOLDIER A: Kamenashi!! Come on out!
KAME SOLDIER A: You're the captain of the brothel\Nowner's bodyguards!
KAME SOLDIER A: We're going to punish you with death for\Nstarting a revolt against Otohime-sama.
KAME SOLDIER A: We know you're harboring Earthlings!\NAll Earthlings are to be annihilated!
KAME SOLDIER A: Surrender immediately!
KAMENASHI: Tsk! He's on to me. Let's go.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Hey... Wait!
KAME SOLDIER B: There he is!
KAME SOLDIER B: Over there! It's Kamenashi!
SHINPACHI: Hey! What's going on?!
SHINPACHI: We came here to have\Na fun summer vacation!
SHINPACHI: We're on summer vacation!
KAMENASHI: I'll give it to you straight.
KAMENASHI: I discovered her plan and went\Nlooking for the bravest people
KAMENASHI: who could defeat Otohime and her plan!
KAMENASHI: But I was forced into committing\Nevil deeds while I searched
KAMENASHI: for the right people who had pure\Nsouls and could not tolerate evil!
KAMENASHI: Yes! You are those people!
SHINPACHI: You weren't forced!
SHINPACHI: You abandoned your wife.
SHINPACHI: Why are you running away with\Nsuch voyeuristic-looking videos.
OTAE: There are turtles everywhere.\NWe're completely surrounded.
HASEGAWA: We've been cornered!! What do we do?!
SHINPACHI: Try your best to hold out!
SHINPACHI: Just a little longer.
SHINPACHI: I'm sure they'll come.
HASEGAWA: Hey! What are you doing?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san will...
 SHINPAC: (mono)Gin-san...
OLD GINTOKI: I'm coming right over. Wait for me.
OLD KATSURA: It's Shinichiro-kun. You've gotten big.
OLD KATSURA: Come here. I'll give you 50 yen.
SHINPACHI: Umm... Who are these old guys?
KAGURA: It's Gin-chan and Zura.
OLD GINTOKI: I believe you were saying something\Nabout Kamille Bidan.
OLD GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Kamille Bidan from GUNDAM Z.]
KAMENASHI: Don't tell me you touched the sample
KAMENASHI: Treasure Box G I snuck\Nout of Ryugu Palace.
OLD KATSURA: What sample?
OLD GINTOKI: I don't know.
OLD GINTOKI: Who are you?
SHINPACHI: No way!!
KAME SOLDER A: Excuse me.
OTOHIME: Yes. Good work. I commend you. Kamenashi\Nis to be immediately executed.
OTOHIME: Use a treasure box on the\Nrest of the Earthlings.
SOLDIER: Understood.
OTOHIME: Now all the beautiful people\Non this planet will disappear.
OTOHIME: I have no need of anyone in this world\Nwho is more beautiful than me.
HOSTESS B: This is like a dream!
HOSTESS B: I never dreamed of being able to spend\Nsummer vacation at Ryugu Palace!
MATSUDAIRA: This is the life.
MATSUDAIRA: Only you beautiful girls
MATSUDAIRA: of Cabaret Smile can wash\Naway the filth in my world.
MATSUDAIRA: All right! Bring me some Dom Perignon!
HANAKO: He's not doing anything here that\Nhe doesn't do at the hostess club.
ORYO: He's apparently a VIP member.
ORYO: He always spends his summers here.\NCelebrities really are spoiled.
HANAKO: That's so true. Otae-chan should\Nhave come with us.
ORYO: I can't get in touch with her.\NI wonder what she's doing.
HANAKO: It's not every day you get\Nto come to Ryugu Palace.
ORYO: That's true. I thought it was just\Nthe product of a folktale.
HANAKO: [Note: Hanako is talking with an Osaka accent.]
ORYO: We shouldn't overdo it.
MATSUDAIRA: Ryugu Palace used to be a\Ngiant mobile luxury brothel.
MATSUDAIRA: It used to travel between planet nations.
MATSUDAIRA: It doesn't belong to any country.
HANAKO: Why does a palace with that much\Npower stay in these waters?
MATSUDAIRA: Huh? Well...
HOSTESS A: Ah! The Dom Perignon is here!
ANE: What could this be?
MATSUDAIRA: Huh?
SHINPACHI: They're still bringing in the people\Nwho have been turned old.
KYUBEI: but it looks like Otohime really wants to
KYUBEI: turn this country into nothing\Nbut old people.
HASEGAWA: What are we going to do?
HASEGAWA: Why have they been watching\Nsumo all day?
HASEGAWA: [Note: Elderly people in Japan like to watch sumo.]
HASEGAWA: Why is there a TV in this cell?
SHINPACHI: He's not eating. He just\Ndoesn't have any teeth.
KAGURA: What are you secretly\Neating by yourself?
SHINPACHI: He's not eating anything.
KAGURA: Give it to me!
SHINPACHI: And were you really going to\Neat what was in his mouth?!
KAGURA: Hand it over!
OLD KATSURA: Shut up! Why are you\Nmaking such a fuss?!
OLD KATSURA: Don't just stay indoors all day.
OLD KATSURA: Honestly. Young people these days...
OLD KATSURA: They have their Family Computers\Nand their Mega Drives...
OLD KATSURA: [Note: Family Computer (Famicom) = NES.\NMega Drive = Sega Master System.]
OLD KATSURA: They stay in the house all the time.
SHINPACHI: All of your examples are old.
OLD KATSURA: we would run around the mountains and only\Nplay with our Mega Drives in our free time.
SHINPACHI: You took way too long to comment!
SHINPACHI: How long of a pause do you need?!
SHINPACHI: I already commented on that.
SHINPACHI: You don't need to push yourself.\NJust leave it to me.
OLD GINTOKI: Don't treat me like an old geezer.
OLD GINTOKI: I still won't lose to you young folks.
OLD KATSURA: Young people are so rude\Nand unrefined these days.
OLD KATSURA: When we were young...
SHINPACHI: These guys are really annoying!
SHINPACHI: Let's ignore them the next time\Nthey say something silly.
KYUBEI: What on earth happened?
KYUBEI: They've completely became old geezers.
SHINPACHI: Do you think there's a way\Nto turn them back?
KYUBE: We probably have to ask\NOtohime in person.
HASEGAWA: He's always had white hair and\Nhe's been kind of like this
HASEGAWA: since we've been on the\Nair for three years.
SHINPACHI: You are all just as lazy as him!
OLD GINTOKI: Hey...
SHINPACHI: You said that already. That's\Nthe wrong comment.
KAME SOLDIER C: I want one of you to come\Nwith me. You there...
KAME SOLDIER C: Come with me.
OTAE: Take care of everyone.
SHINPACHI: Sis!
SHINPACHI: Crap!
SHINPACHI: What should we do? What\Nin the world do we do?
KYUBEI: Let's defeat Otohime.
KYUBEI: turn everyone back to normal\Nand crush Otohime's plan.
KYUBEI: we're the only ones who can do it.
SHINPACHI: But how?
KAME SOLDIER D: Keep walking!
KAMENASHI: Please spare my life.
KAME SOLDIER D: It's too late to beg for your life now!
KAME SOLDIER D: You can regret ever becoming an enemy\Nof Otohime-sama in the next world!
HASEGAWA: Kamenashi...
KAMENASHI: What was the point of me doing that?!
KAME SOLDIER E: What are you doing?!
KAME SOLDIER E: Fire!
OLD KATSURA: [Note: "Matsu" means pine tree.]
SEAHORSE: There's been a prison break!
KAME SOLDIER F: Kamenashi's escaped!
SHINPACHI: We're finished if they find us.
KAMENASHI: Act like a turtle.
HASEGAWA: Act like a turtle? You're barely a turtle.
HASEGAWA: You're just some guy.
KAMENASHI: Don't forget to add "kelp" and "seaweed"\Nto the end of your sentences.
SHINPACHI: You don't do that.
KAME SOLDIER G: She's getting ready to lay eggs!\NSomeone call for help!
KAME SOLDIER G: She's going to lay eggs!
HASEGAWA: It's all right. We'll look after\Nher. Sorry for the trouble.
SHINPACHI: That's too realistic!
KAGURA: But he said to act like a turtle.
KYUBEI: Cut it out.
KYUBEI: What were you planning to do if the\Nenemy realized who you were?!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Sea turtle eggs look a lot like pong pong balls.]
SHINPACHI: Why else would you be holding\Nping pong balls?!
OLD KATSURA: Come on. Don't be afraid.\NOpen your eyes!
OLD KATSURA: Keep your eye on the balls!
SHINPACHI: That's definitely Kameda!\NAnd that's so old!!
SHINPACHI: This is more clowning around\Nthan you've ever done before.
SHINPACHI: I can't handle all of this by myself.
SHINPACHI: I don't need your help!
OTOHIME: I commend them on their persistence.
OTAE: Are you Otohime-sama?
OTAE: You called me here and you're not\Neven going to show me your face?
OTAE: Or is your face so ugly you\Ncan't show anyone?
OTOHIME: What a spirited young girl. My apologies.
KAMENASHI: I was once the Captain of Otohime's\Nbodyguards at Ryugu Palace.
KAMENASHI: Ryugu Palace was a paradise that\Nsoared across the universe.
KAMENASHI: We weren't bound by anyone and\Nwe didn't encroach upon anyone.
KAMENASHI: We were a free country.
KAMENASHI: Do you want to know why Ryugu Palace\Nhas dwelled in the oceans of...
KAMENASHI: this remote planet for so long?
KAMENASHI: He had come to the rescue of\None of our messenger turtles.
KAMENASHI: That kind young man was\Nspecially invited here.
KAMENASHI: Otohime grew very fond of him and\Ngave him a warm reception.
KAMENASHI: But Ryugu Palace flies far distances\Nbetween planet nations.
KAMENASHI: And time moves very differently\Nthan it does on Earth.
KAMENASHI: When the man returned to Earth...
KAMENASHI: Everyone he loved was gone.
KAMENASHI: She sunk Ryugu Palace into the\Nseas of this small island nation
KAMENASHI: and it has never left since.
KAMENASHI: She discarded her position and honor
KAMENASHI: so this tragedy would\Nnever happen again.
KAMENASHI: But little by little she changed.
OTOHIME: Don't worry.
OTOHIME: I would've taken your life.
OTAE: Huh?! Bring it on!
OTOHIME: Huh?! You want to fight?! You\Nthink you can beat me?!
KAMENASHI: she became more obsessed\Nwith staying beautiful.
KAMENASHI: The country quickly became bankrupt.
KAMENASHI: Otohime gave up her quest for\Neternal youth and beauty.
KAMENASHI: And decided to use the box as revenge
KAMENASHI: against those who had what\Nshe no longer did.
KAMENASHI: all the people of Earth into old geezers.
KAMENASHI OTOHIME: If I was younger... If only\NI was younger...
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWCAPTION: [Will everyone reach the palace safely?!]
 Name:  Text
KYUBEI: Let's defeat Otohime.
KYUBEI: we're the only ones who can do it.
OTAE: Huh?! Bring it on! Show your face!
OTOHIME: Huh?! You want to fight?!\NYou think you can beat me?!
KAMENASHI: Otohime gave up her quest for\Neternal youth and beauty.
KAMENASHI: And decided to use the box as revenge
KAMENASHI: against those who had what\Nshe no longer did.
KAMENASHI OTOHIME: If I was younger... If only\NI was younger...
OPENING CREDITSCAPTION: [Gintoki and the others split into three\Nteams... And head for the palace!!]
KAMENASHI: Yes... Otohime won't let anyone\Nbe more beautiful than her.
KAMENASHI: In order to insure that she's the most\Nbeautiful woman in the world...
KAMENASHI: she plans to turn this world\Ninto a planet of the elderly.
SHINPACHI: No way... That's such a selfish reason.
SHINPACHI: She thinks she has the\Nright to throw our world
SHINPACHI: into chaos for a crappy reason like that?!
KAMENASHI: History is always moved\Nat the whim of its rulers.
KAMENASHI: The only way to stop her is\Nto put an end to her life.
SHINPACHI: Isn't there any way to\Nturn everyone back?
KAMENASHI: All our answers are probably...
KAMENASHI: in there...
KAMENASHI: with Otohime...
KAMENASHI: Even if in the end there's\Nonly one of us left.
SHINPACHI: But can we split up into three groups
SHINPACHI: and still take out Ryugu\NPalace's security?
KAMENASHI: It'll be tough with our numbers.
KAMENASHI: We can a least confuse and\Ndistract them by splitting up.
KAMENASHI: Let's see if we can divide\Nup our power evenly.
SHINPACHI: What is that? I think I saw that in\Na another manga somewhere.
KAMENASHI: It's a spouzer. It basically\Nmeasures fighting ability.
KAMENASHI: [Note: Parody of scouter from Dragon Ball.]
SHINPACHI: It's just a copy!!
KAMENASHI: I'll use this to measure\Nyour fighting power
KAMENASHI: and split everyone into three\Nequal teams. First...
KAMENASHI: You.
KAMENASHI: 362 K.
KAMENASHI: Oh? That's pretty impressive\Nfor your age.
SHINPACHI: What is a K?
SHINPACHI: I don't know what you're basing\Nthat on. Is that impressive?
KAMENASHI: It means you have the fighting\Npower of 362 leaves of kelp.
SHINPACHI: Why kelp?! A single leaf of kelp\Ndoesn't have any fighting power!
KAMENASHI: you're two leaves of kelp better\Nthan the average person.
SHINPACHI: Just two leaves?!
SHINPACHI: What exactly was my ten years\Nof sword training for?!
HASEGAWA: I can't relax if I'm not\Nwearing sunglasses.
KAMENASHI: Your fighting power is 654 K.
SHINPACHI: Why?! Why is Hasegawa-san\Nhigher than me?!
HASEGAWA: You shouldn't judge others\Nby how they look.
HASEGAWA: What?!
KAGURA: It's like his essence.
HASEGAWA: That's weird!! 1K? That\Nmeans I'm not human!!
HASEGAWA: I'm just a single leaf of kelp!!
KAMENASHI: You're next...
KAMENASHI: Amazing. 7930 O.
SHINPACHI: What's O mean? That's a different unit.
KAMENASHI: The units change when I scan\Ngirls. It becomes cuter.
KAMENASHI: [Note: "Boobs" in Japanese is "oppai."]
SHINPACHI: That's not cute at all!! That's perverted!!
KYUBEI: Are you trying to make fun of a\Nwarrior?! I don't need boobs.
SHINPACHI: Stop!! That's even more disgusting!!
KAMENASHI: No... Wait a second.
KAMENASHI: What's this?! It's those two behind her?!
KAMENASHI: I-It's still going down!
KAMENASHI: It's simply immeasurable.
SHINPACHI: All of us together can't overcome that!!
KAMENASHI: I'll have each of them carry\N100 leaves of kelp.
SHINPACHI: Why does their power level increase\Nwhen they're carrying kelp?!
KAGURA: I'll hold 300 leaves! I'll\Ncover Gin-chan's gap!!
KYUBEI: That's...
KAMENASHI: Oh no!! They found us!!
KAMENASHI: They're going to fire.
KYUBEI: We'll attack from this side!!
KAGURA: Shinpachi and everyone\Nelse take a different route!!
SHINPACHI: Weren't you going to split our fighting\Npower into three even groups?!
SHINPACHI: What was the point of the spouzer?!
SHINPACHI: There's only trash here!!
HASEGAWA: They're coming after us!!
SHINPACHI: Run?! I'm stuck with these\Nold geezers?! Why me?!
KAMENASHI: I'll leave the future of Ryugu Palace...
KAMENASHI: the future of the world\Nto you young fellas.
SHINPACHI: They're not young!!
KAMENASHI: Sorry for sticking you with\Nsuch a terrible job.
SHINPACHI: I'm the one with the terrible job!!
HASEGAWA: It doesn't matter. I discarded\Nmy life once before.
HASEGAWA: Old soldiers like us should just pass on.
SHINPACHI: The old soldiers are right over here!!
KAMENASHI: Let's go!!
HASEGAWA: We're taking all of you...
HASEGAWA: with us to hell!!
SHINPACHI: You guys were completely useless!
OTOHIME: Are you putting all your\Nhope in those fools?
OTOHIME: They are this planet's last hope?
OTOHIME: I have nothing to worry about then.
OTOHIME: They'll meet your fate soon.
OTOHIME: Why don't you go meet\Nthem in the next world?
OTOHIME: This is your punishment\Nfor incurring my wrath.
OTAE: you turn people who are more beautiful\Nthan you into senior citizens.
OTAE: You won't ever gain eternal\Nbeauty that way.
OTAE: Even if you did gain eternal youth.
OTAE: No matter how beautiful\Na kimono you wear...
OTAE: I know without a doubt...
OTAE: that you will always be ugly.
OTAE: Your heart and soul\Nare ugly and rotten.
OTOHIME: You're young and beautiful!\NWhat could you possibly know?!
OTOHIME: What do you know about the feelings\Nof a woman who's been left to live
OTOHIME: and grow old by herself\Nfor thousands of years?
OTAE: You're not the only one who ages.
OTAE: grows wrinkled and dies in the end.
OTAE: there's always some things\Nthat never change.
OTAE: We believe there's something\Nthat can never be destroyed.
OTAE: That's because we know\Nwhat true beauty is.
OTOHIME: How interesting.
OTOHIME: In that case...
OTOHIME: Show me...
OTOHIME: That beauty you speak of!!
OTOHIME: It's you or me... The winner is\Nthe one who's truly beautiful!!
KAME SOLDIER J: Where did they go?!
KAME SOLDIER K: Find them! They should be nearby!
SHINPACHI: We managed to escape.
SHINPACHI: I don't care what happens\Nto you geezers anymore.
OLD KATSURA: Honestly. Young people these days...
OLD KATSURA: Complaining about something\Nlike this? How pathetic.
SHINPACHI: Who's Master Roshi?!
SHINPACHI: Don't revise your memory to include\Nparts from a mega-hit manga!
OLD GINTOKI: What was I going to say?
SHINPACHI: That was your comment\Nfrom the last episode!!
SHINPACHI: Why are you commenting on something\Nthat happened an episode ago?!
SHINPACHI: No one will remember that!!
OLD KATSURA: That's one of those surrealism comments\Nthat's so popular lately.
OLD KATSURA: A fine surreal comment.\NYoung people just don't get it.
OLD GINTOKI: Don't go revising your memory to include\Nparts from a mega-hit manga.
SHINPACHI: Old fart!!
SHINPACHI: What should I do?
SHINPACHI: What's this?
OTOHIME: That's long enough. Pull her up.
OTOHIME: What a foolish woman.
OTOHIME: Does she think she can get\Naway with defying me?
OTOHIME: I'm sure she's become\Nquite beautiful now...
OTOHIME: A beautiful bloody corpse.
OTOHIME: I-Impossible! What?!
OTOHIME: Y...
OTOHIME: You fools! How did you get in here?!
OTOHIME: Th-The water!!
OTOHIME: I-Impossible!! You broke in by smashing\Nthe ceiling of the lower floor?!
KAME SOLDIER A: Fire!!
KAME SOLDIER B: Tsk. She's so fast that\Nwe can't get near her!!
KAGURA: Yahoo!
KAME SOLDIER C: Tsk! She's on top of the shark!!
KAME SOLDIER D: Shoot her and the shark down!!
OTOHIME: What are you fools doing?
OTOHIME: They're all rebels!! Hurry\Nup and get rid of them!!
KAME SOLDIER F: Yes!!
OTAE: I told you.
OTAE: We won't lose no matter\Nwhat happens to us.
OTOHIME: I-I won't accept that!!
OTOHIME: I'm the most beautiful\Nwoman in the world!!
OTOHIME: I'm going to win this battle!!
OTOHIME: more beautiful that I am!!
OTOHIME: You're just a little girl who only has youth!!
OTOHIME: I'll make it ugly and swollen!!
OTOHIME: She's beautiful?! I-Impossible!
OTOHIME: Why is she so beautiful\Nwhen I'm hitting her?
OTOHIME: It's like the ethereal beauty\Nof a falling flower!!
OTAE: You think your weak slaps\Ncan make me ugly?
OTAE: Now it's my turn!!
 OTOHIME: (mono)What?! A punch?!
 OTOHIME: (mono)Who punches a woman's face?!
 OTOHIME: (mono)What a formidable woman!!
 OTOHIME: (mono)And she's made all the flowers behind\Nme scatter so gracefully.
 OTOHIME: (mono)I can't keep up with this.
 OTOHIME: (mono)I need to use my trump card!!
 OTOHIME: (mono)Take this!! Nose hooks!!
 OTOHIME: (mono)No one can escape such\Na devilish attack.
 OTOHIME: (mono)What?! She looks like Naoko?!
 OTOHIME: (mono)[Note: Naoko Ken is a Japanese\Nactress and singer.]
OTAE: Now it's my turn!!
OTOHIME: I won't let you!!
OTOHIME: Shinji!!
OTOHIME: [Shinji Tanimura is a Japanese singer.]
 OTOHIME: (mono)Shinji?! Impossible!! She punched him out first?!
OTAE: Turn everyone... Turn the whole\Nworld back to normal!!
OTAE: You already know that...
OTAE: doing this won't change anything!!
OTOHIME: Shut up!!
OTOHIME: Who do you think I am?
OTOHIME: I am the most beautiful\Ncreature in existence.
SHINPACHI: What's this?
SHINPACHI: It's a man...
SHINPACHI: There's a man in there.
OLD GINTOKI: I wonder if it's a massage device.
SHINPACHI: What kind of massage device\Ntakes up this much space?!
SHINPACHI: This is something else.
SHINPACHI: What's wrong?!
OLD KATSURA: It's a Tengu!! It's cursed!!
SHINPACHI: What's this?
YOUNG OTOHIME: He still hasn't awakened.
YOUNG OTOHIME: but they don't know if he'll\Nregain consciousness.
YOUNG OTOHIME: It's all my fault.
YOUNG OTOHIME: I kept him in this palace too long.
YOUNG OTOHIME: He was left behind in his time.
YOUNG OTOHIME: He lost all hope and chose death.
SHINPACHI: Is this what Kamenashi-san\Nwas talking about?
YOUNG OTOHIME: I've placed him in a cold sleep.
YOUNG OTOHIME: Now his body will never be destroyed.
YOUNG OTOHIME: But I don't know if I'm\Ndoing the right thing.
YOUNG OTOHIME: He was so depressed about being\Nall alone and chose death.
YOUNG OTOHIME: he'll awaken in a completely\Ndifferent world.
YOUNG OTOHIME: It'll be just like before only worse.
YOUNG OTOHIME: I may be repeating the same mistake.
YOUNG OTOHIME: Even so... Even if I am... I...
URASHIMA: It sure is beautiful...
YOUNG OTOHIME: This is one of the most famous\Nplaces in the universe.
URASHIMA: This is the first time I've seen\Nsomething so beautiful.
URASHIMA: Otohime-sama... You're...
URASHIMA: absolutely beautiful.
YOUNG OTOHIME: I want to see him...
YOUNG OTOHIME: Once more...
YOUNG OTOHIME: No matter how many hundreds\Nor thousands of years it takes.
OTOHIME: Countless men after him have\Ntold me that same cheap line.
OTOHIME: But his words... Why can't\NI forget his words?
 YOUNG O: (mono)I must live and stay beautiful.
 YOUNG O: (mono)So that he can recognize me.
 YOUNG O: (mono)I must wait for him looking as beautiful\Nas I was when he knew me.
 YOUNG O: (mono)I'll become the pearl that shines\Nin the depths of the sea.
 YOUNG O: (mono)Follow that light and return to me.
 YOUNG O: (mono)I'll always be waiting for you.
SHINPACHI: Otohime...
SHINPACHI: Ryugu Palace is shaking?!
HASEGAWA: What are these tremors?!
KAMENASHI: Hey!
OTOHIME: Ryugu Palace will soon be above Edo.
OTOHIME: The Heavenly Old Age Cannon\Ncontains pressurized gas...
OTOHIME: If I fire this in the middle of Edo...
OTOHIME: Everyone who remains on the surface\Nwill become ugly and old.
OTAE: Who would want that?
OTAE: Who would want you to do that?!
OTAE: Do you think the person\Nyou're waiting for...
OTAE: would really want you to\Ndo such a terrible thing?!
OTOHIME: I must be his guide.
OTOHIME: I must be the most beautiful\Npearl in this world.
OTOHIME: The only thing that shines in\Nthe dark depths of the ocean.
OTOHIME: I'm sure he'll notice that light.
OTOHIME: He'll follow that light and\Ncome back to me.
OTOHIME: In order to do that... In order to become...
OTOHIME: the only shining pearl...
OTOHIME: I need to sink everyone else\Ninto the depths of the ocean.
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWCAPTION: [There's barely any time left before the\NHeavenly Old Age Cannon fires.]
 Name:  Text
OPENING CREDITCAPTION: [The summer vacation special "Ryugu Arc."\NYou'll see the final episode this week!]
redCAPTION: [Otohime is plotting to turn everyone on Earth into senior\Ncitizens. Will Katsura and Gintoki be able to stop her?!]
KAME SOLDIER T: Hey! Look at that!
KAME SOLDIER A: Don't tell me... Otohime-sama is going to\Nblast Ryugu Palace and the rest of us.
KAME SOLDIER T: Damn it!
KAMENASHI: Are you all right?
SHINPACHI: Otohime is trying to turn Ryugu Palace\Nand all her followers into old folks!
SHINPACHI: What an irresponsible thing to say!
KATSURA: Who's setting off fireworks at midnight?!
KATSURA: Is that Takasugi-san's goons?
SHINPACHI: It's hopeless!
KATSURA: I want to see him.
KATSURA: I want to be as beautiful as\NI was when he first saw me.
KATSURA: I want to welcome him the\Nsame way I did before.
KATSURA: After so much time has passed...
KATSURA: ...have her feelings twisted\Ninto something ugly?
GINTOKI: Youth and beauty aren't what's important.
GINTOKI: It's more difficult to walk straight and\Ntrue if your back is bent to begin with.
GINTOKI: It's better if you make your soul beautiful!
SHINPACHI: but I don't understand at all.
SHINPACHI: What are you guys talking about?!\NThat's all about the Pink Lady!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Pink Lady was a female pop music duo\Nmade up of "Mie" and "Kei" from the 1970s.]
GINTOKI: ...can you still...
GINTOKI: ...run straight?
KATSURA: To whom do you think are you talking to?
KATSURA: ...I can see it straight and clear.
GINTOKI: I see it too.
GINTOKI: Then let's go...
OTOHIME: I'll become the only beautiful\Nperson in this whole world.
OTOHIME: What's going on?
KAME SOLDIER U: Someone is hacking into\Nthe main computer.
KAME SOLDIER U: Fifteen minutes until the system recovers\Nand the Old Age Cannon fires.
OTOHIME: Wh...
SHINPACHI: I have entrusted hope to you?!
URASHIMA: I have entrusted hope to you.
URASHIMA: Fire the Anti-aging vaccine to destroy\Nthe Aging virus ravaging the world!
URASHIMA: ...Please...
URASHIMA: ...save Otohime...
OTOHIME: Who is it?!
OTOHIME: N-No way...
OTOHIME: Those rebels are still trying to defeat me.
OTOHIME: Even when reduced to old men...
OTOHIME: ...they still fight me?!
OTOHIME: They're heading towards the cannon!
OTOHIME: Are they going to stop the Heavenly\NOld Age Cannon from firing?
KAME SOLDIER U: Ten minutes until the system recovers\Nand the Old Age Cannon fires.
OTOHIME: Stupid fools! You're too\Nold and slow to make it!
OTOHIME: My enemies are in the B-57 area!\NCapture them immediately!
OTOHIME: They're too slow! Both the\Nenemies and my soldiers!
OTOHIME: You bastards! This isn't a picnic!
OTOHIME: Damn it! I completely miscalculated\Nthe situation!
OTOHIME: I shouldn't have gassed the soldiers!
GINTOKI: Humph. Our opponents are old men.
GINTOKI/ KATSURA: Here we go!
OTOHIME: So fast! They're so quick\Nfor their age! Amazing!
GINTOKI: 4W-Old men!
GINTOKI: [4W-Old men!]
KAME SOLDIER U: Eight minutes until the system recovers\Nand the Old Age Cannon fires.
GINTOKI: I won't let anybody say old\Nmen are ugly anymore!
GINTOKI: I'll show you an old man's\Nboundless power!
KATSURA: Otohime!
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will\Nfire in seven minutes.
KAME SOLDIER A: Hold on! That's it!
KAME SOLDIER A: I won't let you go any farther!
KAME SOLDIER A: I-Impossible!
KAME SOLDIER A: Those fanatical old men...
KAME SOLDIER A: ...are racing along the walls!
OTOHIME: Th-Those old men... N-No\Nway... This is impossible...
OLD OTAE: They're the ones...
OLD OTAE: ...whom you said were ugly.
OLD OTAE: No matter how many\Nwrinkles they have...
OLD OTAE: No matter how far their backs\Ncrumple forward...
OLD OTAE: Their will is as strong and straight\Nas a sword and will never break.
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon\Nwill fire in six minutes.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Gin-san!
SHINPACHI: The last weapon that can save the world!
GINTOKI: What's that?
SHINPACHI: It's a vaccine!
SHINPACHI: It's a bullet filled with a\Nvaccine that neutralizes
SHINPACHI: the Aging virus Otohime\Nunleashed upon Edo.
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will fire\Nin 5 minutes and 30 seconds.
SHINPACHI: There's no time! We have to hurry!
KATSURA: Wh-What the heck is this?!
KATSURA: The stairway goes on and on...!
GINTOKI: It looks like they've stopped this elevator.
SHINPACHI: We won't be able to reach the cannon\Nunless we climb up these stairs!
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will\Nfire in five minutes.
SHINPACHI: We've only got five minutes!
OTOHIME: Why are you guys so slow?!
OTOHIME: Over there!
SHINPACHI: Damn it!
OLD GINTOKI: Sh-Sh-Shut up!
OLD KATSURA: ...but...I love her in my heart\Nmore than anybody else!
SHINPACHI: I didn't ask you! And you\Ndon't even have a wife!
OTOHIME: Come on! What are you doing?!
OTOHIME: That's enough! Get out of the way!
OTOHIME: You...
OTOHIME: ...you bastards!
SHINPACHI: Hasegawa-san! Kamenashi-san!
HASEGAWA: You guys can't even climb\Nstairs like this?!
HASEGAWA: All the old men and women\Nof the world...
HASEGAWA: ...are counting on you!
OLD GINTOKI: Shut up! You're the one who's old!
OLD KATSURA: We won't lose against young men!
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will\Nfire in four minutes.
OTOHIME: Wh... So strong!
OTOHIME: Yes!
OTOHIME: I just said you already had breakfast!
OTOHIME: I told you that you already had breakfast!
OTOHIME: What kind of meal is that?\NIt sounds far too gourmet.
OTOHIME: What kind of meal is that?
OLD KYUBEI: Do you know where my eyepatch is?
OTOHIME: You're wearing it on your left eye!
KYUBEI: I can't get along with\NMichuko-san anymore.
OTOHIME: Don't call up your son!
OTOHIME: Don't ask her son to get\NTandori Chicken for you!
OLD HASEGAWA: We won't let you...
OLD KAMENASHI: ...take a single step further!
OTOHIME: Y-You guys...!
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will\Nfire in three minutes.
KAME SOLDIER U: The Old Age Cannon will\Nfire in two minutes.
OLD GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
KAME SOLDIER: The cannon will fire in...
KAME SOLDIER: ...under one minute.
KATSURA: both it and the aging gas will\Nspread through the world.
OTOHIME: I won't let you! I won't let you do it!
OTOHIME: I won't allow a single person\Nto stand in my way!
OLD GINTOKI/ OLD KATSURA: Otohime!
KAME SOLDIER U: Ten... Nine... Eight...\NSeven... Six... Five...
KAME SOLDIER U: Four...
KAME SOLDIER U: Three...
KAME SOLDIER U: Two...
KAME SOLDIER U: One...
OTOHIME: I win! I win...
OTOHIME: The vaccine...
KATSURA: I'm not Zura. I'm Katsura.
GINTOKI: Otohime!
KATSURA: Watch carefully! This is the real...
GINTOKI/KATSURA: ...gateball!
HANANO: Huh?
PEOPLE: Wow!
PEOPLE: We've returned to normal!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! Katsura-san!
SHINPACHI: Hey!
OTOHIME: The reason I was defeated is...
OTOHIME: The reason I was defeated is...
OTOHIME: because I underestimated\Nold men like you.
OTOHIME: I never thought I'd be defeated\Nby the people
OTOHIME: I hated and thought were ugly.
SHINPACHI: We couldn't have done\Nit without that man.
SHINPACHI: The man who spoke through\Nthe computer
SHINPACHI: and told us about the Anti-aging vaccine.
SHINPACHI: He asked us to save you.
OTOHIME: You've got to be kidding me. He's...
OTOHIME: his consciousness has entered\NRyugu's main computer?
KATSURA: you've been thinking of\Nhim for a long time.
KATSURA: And that man inside there...
KATSURA: Like a pearl that glitters in the deep sea.
KATSURA: ...guiding you so you'd never get lost.
KAME SOLDIER A: Dang! It's too heavy!
OTOHIME: That's enough.
OTOHIME: I said that's enough.
OTOHIME: Tell all the soldiers that Ryugu\NPalace will soon be destroyed.
OTOHIME: To avoid damaging the city...
OTOHIME: ...steer the palace towards sea.
OTOHIME: Hurry and leave now!
SHINPACHI: Otohime!
OTOHIME: I'm too tired to wait any more
OTOHIME: hundreds of thousands of years alone.
OTOHIME: I've already waited this long.
OTOHIME: But...because of you guys...
OTOHIME: I was able to realize my\Nwrongs at the very end.
OTOHIME: My selfish desires lead to leaving\Nhim all alone again.
OTOHIME: I thank you. I can see it now...
OTOHIME: Thank you.
SHINPACHI: Otohime!
OTOHIME: Urashima-sama.
OTOHIME: ...in this world.
OTOHIME: ...That's my only wish.
OTOHIME: You fool...
GINTOKI: ...Why did you wait for him for hundreds\Nof thousands of years?
GINTOKI: ...Why do you only remember\Na few of his words
GINTOKI: amongst the thousands you've heard?
URASHIMA: You're... absolutely beautiful.
GINTOKI: It's because those words weren't\Ndescribing your appearance
GINTOKI: it won't matter at all.
GINTOKI: or you need to wear adult diapers...
GINTOKI: Old hag!
OTAE: grows wrinkled and dies in the end.
OTAE: there's always some things\Nthat never change.
OTAE: Even if our bodies are destroyed.
OTAE: No matter how many years pass.
HASEGAWA: Why me?!
OTAE: We believe there's something\Nthat can never be destroyed.
OTAE: That's because we know\Nwhat true beauty is.
KAMENASHI: but it looks like I drew some wild cards.
KAME SOLDIER Z: What are you guys doing?! Hurry\Nup and get out of here!
KAME SOLDIER: Are you going to waste Otohime-sama's\Nconcern for us?
KAMENASHI: Aren't you guys going to try to save her?
KAME SOLDIER Z: It's Otohime-sama's last\Norder! We can't disobey!
KAMENASHI: I don't have any obligation to listen\Nto any of Otohime-sama's orders.
KAME SOLDIERS: Yeah!
KAME SOLDIERS: Save Otohime-sama!
KONDO: Damn it! Let me die! A guy\Nlike me should just die!
HIJIKATA: I'd assist you in committing\Nseppuku any time.
OTOHIME: Please have a seat wherever you like.
OTOHIME: I'm sorry about the noise.
OTOHIME: Did you get dumped by\Na woman again?
HIJIKATA: Hmm. That's news to us. We'd\Nlike to hear more about it.
OTOHIME: I was really beautiful back then.
URASHIMA: You're so beautiful.
KONDO: There's no sense in that at all!
URASHIMA: This is the second time in my life...
URASHIMA: ...that I've seen this beautiful woman.
URASHIMA: just as you were when I last saw you.
 Name:  Text
OKITA: Smoking increases a person's risk of\Ndeveloping pulmonary emphysema.
OKITA: is forbidden because it leads to severe\Nhealth issues and nicotine addiction.
OKITA: The Shinsengumi headquarters
OKITA: will no longer allow smoking\Nin all areas starting today.
HIJIKATA: It's like you're purposely keeping\Nsmokers out of here.
HIJIKATA: At least make arrangements for\Na designated smoking area.
OKITA: Smoking is worse than athlete's foot.
OKITA: A drug!
OKITA: you become addicted.
OKITA: you can't run with this line of argument.
OKITA: Anyone near a smoker is forced to\Nbecome second-hand smokers.
HIJIKATA: But... But...
OKITA: You're Vice-Chief of the Shinsengumi.
OKITA: Please think about the other\Npeople around you.
OKITA: it sets a bad example for everyone else.
HIJIKATA: Are you all right with this smoking ban?
OKITA: It's already been decided.
HARADA: It was so smoky and awful in there.
HARADA: My clothes are covered in\Nthat stinky smoke odor.
UNIT MEMBER: Any person who practices a martial\Nart knows smoking is unhealthy.
HIJIKATA: ...gimme a break.
HIJIKATA: Is he seriously intending to keep\Nme out of the Shinsengumi?
HIJIKATA: Damn it. I might as well inhale as much\Nnicotine as possible while I'm outside.
CLERK A: I'm sorry. This restaurant prohibits\Nsmoking in the whole facility.
HIJIKATA: What's with this city?
OLD LADY: Hey! Your cigarette!
CLERK C: Cigarettes are...
WOMAN B: Don't stare.
HIJIKATA: Let me smoke!
HIJIKATA: Damn it.
HIJIKATA: I didn't even notice but\Nnow I can see there's
HIJIKATA: no places for us smokers to go anymore.
HIJIKATA: I want to smoke even more\Nwhen I'm told not to.
HIJIKATA: It's hopeless. I can't stand it anymore.\NIn this situation... I... I...
HIJIKATA: That's it!
 HIJI: (M)I found it! I finally found an oasis!
KUSANO: Here's our next story.
KUSANO: The universal environment\Nconservation meeting
KUSANO: will be held one week from today.
KUSANO: It'll talk about environment-related\Nissues in the whole universe.
MATSUDAIRA: Let's put aside the big problems of ozone\Ndepletion and global warming.
MATSUDAIRA: All your small efforts will start to pile up\Ninto one big push to save the earth.
MATSUDAIRA: ...you should first save yourself.
MATSUDAIRA: Someone who can't even save himself\Nwon't be able to save the earth.
MATSUDAIRA: Someone who can't even save himself\Nand is disliked by his daughter...
MATSUDAIRA: ...won't be able to save the earth.
MATSUDAIRA: All of Edo...
MATSUDAIRA: ...will assist in helping implement\Nthe smoking ban.
KUSANO: We repeat.
HIJIKATA: Ci...Ciga...rette...
KUSANO: It'll lead to sever punishment.\NWe repeat...
PASSENGER: I never thought we'd see the day when\Nwe could travel between planets.
HIJIKATA: Planet Hamek.
HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of Planet Namek from Dragon Ball.]
PASSENGER: Planet Hamek? There's nothing\Nto see in that countryside.
PASSENGER: It's nothing but tobacco fields.\NWhy are you going there?
HIJIKATA: ...Naturally...
HIJIKATA: ...to smoke some cigarettes!
HIJIKATA: Don't underestimate a smoker.
HIJIKATA: They claimed the cigarette was edited\Nout of the manga cover because
HIJIKATA: [Note: Cigarette images were removed from\NGinTama manga vol.8 and vol.16 covers.]
HIJIKATA: I looked like a high\Nschool student smoking.
HIJIKATA: They also said it was never a good\Nidea to show smokers on the cover.
HIJIKATA: And they ended up not using\Nsomeone smoking.
HIJIKATA: or be stuck with an R rating.
HIJIKATA: And yet I still haven't given up smoking!
MINISTER: I'm so glad to hear that\Nyou came all the way to
MINISTER: Planet Hamek to smoke our cigarettes.
MINISTER: [Note: Parody of Frieza from Dragon Ball.]
MINISTER: So cigarettes are no longer...
MINISTER: This is the last one.
MINISTER: [Note: Parody of Dende from Dragon Ball.]
DELDE: That's...! That's the last\Ncigarette my dad made!
DELDE: Dad! Dad!
DELDE: Dad!
DELDES FATHER: Delde!
DELDE: ...Da...Dad...
DELDE: Da...! Dad!
DELDE: Dad!
DELDE: Dad...
DELDE: Da... Dad's...
MINISTER: Cigarettes exist to be smoked.
MINISTER: Cigarettes that you can't smoke shouldn't\Neven be called cigarettes at all!
MINISTER: What do you think would please\Nyour father the most?
MINISTER: To let the cigarette get moist in a\Ndrawer or let someone smoke it?
DELDE: Da...Dad's cigarette...
DELDE: ...please enjoy smoking it...
PASSENGER: Oh! What a coincidence!
HIJIKATA: No.
PASSENGER: What? Where are you going then?
HIJIKATA: I'm going to defeat Breeza!
PASSENGER: Huh? Breeza? What? Aren't\Nyou going there to smoke?
HIJIKATA: There's no way I can smoke\Nsomething like that!
PASSENGER: What?!
HIJIKATA: I'll kill Breeza and smoke afterwards!
HIJIKATA: He definitely has cigarettes.
BREEZA: I never suspected that\Nyou were against me.
BREEZA: But I admire your rashness.
MASTER GAME: Hijikata's quest to smoke\Na single cigarette started
MASTER GAME: [Note: A parody of Master Roshi's\Nnarrations from Dragon Ball.]
MASTER GAME: because of the Shinsengumi's\Nsmoking ban.
MASTER GAME: The trip has been full of hardships.
MATSUDAIRA: All of Edo will assist in helping\Nimplement the smoking ban.
MASTER GAME: But finally he heads off into the universe.
HIJIKATA: To smoke some cigarettes!
MASTER GAME: he finds it was turned into a\Nscorched field by Breeza.
DELDE: Da...Dad!
GAME: The young boy Delde's tears...
GAME: Hijikata channels his anger into power\Nand he heads toward the final battle.
HIJIKATA: Hey! Why am I suddenly having flashbacks\Nof the previous episode?
HIJIKATA: This isn't Dragon BLEEP!
HIJIKATA: It's taking too long! I'm in a hurry!\NLet's get to the main episode now!
BREEZA: I never suspected that\Nyou were against me.
BREEZA: But I admire your rashness.
BREEZA: How about that? You look like\Nyou're scared speechless.
BREEZA: Get ready for it.
HIJIKATA: I know you have some.
BREEZA: [Note: Parody of Super Saiyan from Dragon Ball.]
BREEZA: It can't be...you're a legendary\NSuper Earthling.
HIJIKATA: I'm grumpy now thanks\Nto nicotine withdraw.
BREEZA: You're the Super Earthling\Nwho woke up irritated.
BREEZA: Don't tell me you're the\Nson of that Earthling
BREEZA: who was the only one to\Nchallenge me back then?
HIJIKATA: You're totally wrong.
BREEZA: Can it be that you're searching\Nfor the same thing I was?
HIJIKATA: Huh?
HIJIKATA: That's not what I asked for!
HIJIKATA: What's this ball? It's so disgusting!
BREEZA: It's an Ooey-gooey ball.
BREEZA: [Note: Parody of Dragon Ball from Dragon Ball.]
BREEZA: the Ooey-gooey dragon will appear
BREEZA: and make everything you want\Nturn Ooey-gooey.
BREEZA: It's a really mysterious ball.
HIJIKATA: Why Ooey-gooey? I think\Nyou're lying to me!
BREEZA: you should collect six more balls\Nand have your wishes granted.
HIJIKATA: Hey! Why are you making that kind\Nof face made by the super villain
HIJIKATA: right before he dies in the big scene\Nat the end of the episode?
HIJIKATA: Give me a break.
HIJIKATA: It'll be a lot faster if I just\Ngo to another planet
HIJIKATA: and buy a pack of cigarettes\Nat a vending machine.
HIJIKATA: That's right. I should've done\Nthat earlier. I'll go do that.
KOBAYASHI: [Note: Parody of Krillin & Goku from Dragon Ball.]
KOBAYASHI: Damn it! If only I had\Nall the Ooey-gooey balls!
KOBAYASHI: Grillin!
HIJIKATA: I'm trying to revive Grillin.
PASSENGER: Who the heck is Grillin?!
PASSENGER: And who's that sitting right next to you?!
KOBAYASHI: Yo! I'm Kobayashi! I'm so excited!
KOBAYASHI: [Note: Parody of Goku and\NYamcha from Dragon Ball.]
PASSENGER: Kobayashi?! I'm not excited\Nabout that name at all!
PASSENGER: [Note: Refers to Bulma from Dragon Ball.\NShe dated Yamcha in the series.]
HIJIKATA: Shut up!
CELO: I'm Celo!
CELO: [Note: Parody of Cell from Dragon Ball.]
HIJIKATA: That's enough! You're so persistent.
HIJIKATA: I know it's going to take a long time.
CELO: Why? Why does he have\Nso much power?
HIJIKATA: Shut up!
HIJIKATA: Hurry up and give me some balls so I can\Nrevive Grillin and smoke a cigarette.
CELO: I can't believe I lost after taking\Ncells from the Super Earthling...
HIJIKATA: Who is this guy? What's with the\Nscouter rip-off? It pisses me off!
HIJIKATA: [Note: Parody of the scouter device from Dragon Ball.]
CELO: Your attack deserves to be rewarded.
CELO: Take these.
HIJIKATA: You hid these in there?!\NThey're disgusting and dirty!
CELO: Use these balls to summon the dragon\Nand make a wish for me.
CELO: My wish is
HIJIKATA: Why are you making it sound like\NI'm helping you grant your wish?!
HIJIKATA: And why did you make\Nsuch a useless wish?!
HIJIKATA: Hurry up and revive Grillin\Nso I can smoke a cigarette!
KOBAYASHI: What's this? Can I eat this?
HIJIKATA: There's no way you can eat that disgusting\Nthing! What about Grillin?
HIJIKATA: Hurry up and summon the dragon\Nso it can revive Grillin!
HIJIKATA/KOBAYASHI: Come out Ooey-gooey Dragon!\NPlease make my wish come true!
HIJIKATA: ...Huh?
HIJIKATA: Nothing happened. There're seven\Nballs all together. What's going on?
HIJIKATA: What?
KOBAYASHI: The other six balls are real Ooey-gooey\Nballs. But this one is...
KOBAYASHI: ...a Sticky-icky ball!
HIJIKATA: It's pretty much the same!
HIJIKATA: What's the difference between\Nthat and an Ooey-gooey ball?!
KOBAYASHI: Yo. It's a Sticky-icky ball!
HIJIKATA: That's just a technicality!
HIJIKATA: See?! Something is coming out!
NUMELON: Great job in collecting all\Nthe Slimy-grimy balls.
KOBAYASHI: I see. It's not Ooey-gooey.\NThen I don't care.
HIJIKATA: Why?! How much loyalty do\Nyou have for Ooey-gooey?!
HIJIKATA: How badly do you want to\Nmake Grillin Ooey-gooey?!
HIJIKATA: Just ask him! It doesn't matter\Nif he's Slimy-grimy!
KOBAYASHI: Give me some gal's panties!
HIJIKATA: Hey!
HIJIKATA: A gal's Slimy-grimy panties?!
HIJIKATA: That's such a gross wish!
HIJIKATA: Don't request a pair of dirty panties\Nand give up your friend!
NUMELON: Hurry up. Or the Slimy-grimy will dry up.
HIJIKATA: Wait! Hold on a second!
HIJIKATA: What should I wish for?
NUMELON: I'm about to dry up!
HIJIKATA: I know!
HIJIKATA: I'll get the last one.
MINISTER: You're...
MINISTER: Why are you here again?
HIJIKATA: I've changed my mind...\NI want the last cigarette.
HIJIKATA: I know that's an important memento\Nfrom your dad. But...
HIJIKATA: ...you don't need a memento anymore\Nif you have your dad back.
DELDE: Don't tell me... Da...
HIJIKATA: Yeah. It's your dad.
DELDE: Whose dad is he?!
MINISTER: There's a limit to disgracing the dead!
PASSENGER: It's you again.
PASSENGER: Where will you go next?
HIJIKATA: I've decided...
HIJIKATA: ...to quit smoking.
MASTER GAME: And a new powerful enemy appears before him.
HIJIKATA: Cut it out! This can't be right!
KOBAYASHI: Everyone! Please watch it!
KOBAYASHI: [Note: Parody of next week\Nremark from Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: Have some sushi!
 Name:  Text
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: So this is that place... The restaurant exclusively\Nfor Amanto that recently opened.
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: [Beauty SHOCK Club]\N[Note: Parody of Bishoku Club a Gourmet Club\Nfrom the Oishinbo manga.]
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: Yeah. It's where discrimination\Nagainst us Earthlings begins.
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: They say Amanto VIPs live\Nit up all day and all night.
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: Tsk...
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: Let's go.
MANAGER: I'd like to introduce a new employee.
MANAGER: Let's welcome him with\Na round of applause.
MANAGER: Let's give him a hand!
KATSURA: How do you do? I come\Nfrom Nebula Zura78.
KATSURA: My name is Joey Katsura.
KATSURA: Please be good to me.
EMPLOYEE A: Isn't he an Earthling?
MANAGER: He's just a pitiful lad who's often mistaken\Nfor an Earthling because of he looks.
KATSURA: But I'd rather you called me Katsura.
MANAGER: Our specialty is sashimi on a boat.
KATSURA: How surreal.
MANAGER: Did you say something?
MANAGER: from a royal family of\Na planet somewhere.
SAMURA B: Rumor has it that radicals are\Ntargeting Amanto bigwigs
SAMURA B: at that restaurant and they're planning\Nto blow it up with the Amanto inside!
SAMURAI D: It's too dangerous!
KATSURA: Don't worry. It's easier if I work alone.
KATSURA: I will put that restaurant out of business\Nand force it to close for sure...
KATSURA: before the radicals do anything stupid.
ALL: Katsura-san!
KATSURA: I'm going to introduce you to your\NSenpai who'll oversee you.
KATSURA: Um...Have we met before?
MANAGER: Seems he was mistaken as part of his own\Ncollection and discarded along with them.
JII: Let's see...we don't want\Nanything in this room.
JII: Take them all away before\Nthat idiot returns.
JII: Throw everything else out.
KATSURA: It's not Joy Toy. It's Joey Katsura.\NI can't do an S split.
MANAGER: [Note: S&M refers to sadism/masochism]
KATSURA: Yeah...
KATSURA: I said don't worry.
KATSURA: All I need to do is to set this bomb\Nto go off after the restaurant closes.
KATSURA: That'll put them out of\Nbusiness for a while.
KATSURA: I was practicing my S split.
MANAGER: Done.
CUSTOMER C: I'll buy you anything you want.
OHANA: Really?
KATSURA: Welcome.
MANAGER: Stop.
KATSURA: But...
MANAGER: Watch and learn.
MANAGER: This is no place for scum like you.
AMANTO A: Apes should eat ape food.
AMANTO A: My eyes!
MANAGER: Hey! What're you doing\Nto the customer?!
MANAGER: Not his eyes!
MANAGER: Where are you wiping?!
MANAGER: Shut up!
AMANTO A: Huh?
AMANTO A: I-It...came off? Y-You...are an Earthling?
MANAGER: You guys! Quit horsing around\Nand get back to work!
KATSURA: Why are you working at a place like this?
KATSURA: Why not go home?
KATSURA: ...John?
 KATS: (M)then I'm no different than the radicals.
 KATS: (M)I will use my own methods...
 KATS: (M)...to accomplish my ambition.
MANAGER: Wh-Who are you?!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI C: This is divine retribution!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: We've come to pass judgment\Non the likes of you who
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: discriminate against Earthlings and\Nundermine and ruin our country!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: Go repent in hell!
MANAGER: I'm ready for you.
 PRIN: (M)Uh-oh...what's going on? If these\Nguys start fighting here...
 PRIN: (M)the tank...
 PRIN: (M)and my John...
 KATS: (M)Darn! I didn't think the radicals\Nwould show up so soon.
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: Are you talking about Amanto lives?!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: Then I'll start by...
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: killing you first!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI A: What?!
KATSURA: ...No more...no more bloodshed...let\Nthere be...
KATSURA: Love and peace!
ANTIFOREIGNERSAMURAI B: Ka-Katsura!
MANAGER: S-So he was an Earthling?
KATSURA: We are all living creatures...
KATSURA: Doing harm to any of them\Nwill not solve a thing.
KATSURA: I finally learned that today. Yes...
KATSURA: From Senpai here...
KATSURA: Senpai...
JII: Dammit! I paid good money to eat here!\NWhat's the meaning of this commotion?!
JII: I was having a great time after finally
JII: finding a replacement for\Nthe idiot I disposed of!
JII: You see! The Prince is angry!
JII: ...Huh?
JII: That's odd...there are two Princes.
KATSURA: Out of my way.
KATSURA: [Note: Katsura is talking like a mother.]
 ALL : (M)Mother?
HASEGAWA: I must say it took a long\Ntime to get to this point.
HASEGAWA: And I practiced his technique\Nfor forming the rice.
OTOSE: A man should have a trade.
OTOSE: You've worked hard.
HASEGAWA: to be the first ones to try\Nthe sushi I've made.
HASEGAWA: Everything is on the house.\NEat all you want!
KAGURA: I haven't had sushi in ages!\NWhat shall I have?
OTAE: Here it comes.
KAGURA: Sure.
SHINPACHI: The next one is also a cucumber roll.
GINTOKI: ...Another one.
GINTOKI: There are cucumber rolls\Nfrom here to Gandhara!
GINTOKI: [Note: Gandhara is a location from the\NJourney to the West Chinese novel.]
GINTOKI: Why're you being so stingy?\NBring out the fatty tuna!
GINTOKI: Bring out the sea urchin!
GINTOKI: Why do you think we\Ntook precious time off
GINTOKI: to come and see someone like you?!
HASEGAWA: I can't make anything but cucumber rolls.
OTOSE: So you're telling us that the story
OTOSE: about the Chef recognizing\Nyour abilities was a lie...
HASEGAWA: but it won't do a darned thing.
HASEGAWA: It's almost time to open for business-\Nwhat should I do?
HASEGAWA: This place will become the "completely\Nhopeless sushi restaurant" Madao!
TAMA: Understood.
HASEGAWA: What's that?
OTOSE: Tama can communicate with machines
OTOSE: and can find the cause of the\Nproblem so we can fix it.
TAMA: Want some? Mind if I stand\Nhere next to you?
TAMA: What's the matter? You look blue.
TAMA: [Note: Parody of common soap opera\Nthemes among office workers.]
TAMA: Could it be you're still bothered by\Nthe microwave oven manager?
SHINPACHI: Awesome. This is totally the scene\Nbetween two female office workers.
SHINPACHI: Who's the microwave oven manager?
TAMA: I told you to forget about him.
TAMA: That guy...has no intention\Nof leaving his wife.
TAMA: You're not the only one.
TAMA: He nuked Rejiko in\Ngeneral affairs as well.
TAMA: [Note: Rejiko means cash register.]
SHINPACHI: They're having quite an\Ninvolved discussion.
TAMA: Stop acting like a child!
TAMA: Don't give up.
TAMA: Be strong!
TAMA: Don't let Tokyo-or yourself-\Nget you down!
HASEGAWA: You completely destroyed it just now!
HASEGAWA: You finished it off.
HASEGAWA: That was my only hope!\NThere's no time left.
 CUSTOME: (MALE)I'm starving.
OTOSE: W-Welcome.
GINTOKI: G-Gotcha!
HASEGAWA: But you have less experience\Nwith sushi than I do-
HASEGAWA: there's no way you can make sushi.
GINTOKI: No one expects perfection at a\Nconveyor belt sushi restaurant.
OTAE: would you mind teaching\Nus how to form the rice?
HASEGAWA: Be careful not to take too much.
HASEGAWA: with one hand so that\Nair gets into the rice.
HASEGAWA: is done.
GINTOKI: What the?!
SHINPACHI: How did that end up turning\Ninto a cucumber roll?!
GINTOKI: Something happened when\Nwe switched scenes!
HASEGAWA: It's hopeless. I can only\Nmake cucumber rolls.
SHINPACHI: You were so close just now.
SHINPACHI: You placed a slice of tuna on top.
SHINPACHI: How'd that change into a cucumber roll?!
GINTOKI: [Note: The literal translation for cucumber\Nroll is "water imp roll."]
GINTOKI: He must be cursed because his\Nancestors killed a water imp.
GINTOKI: He is hopeless.
SHINPACHI: This won't do. We'll just put Hasegawa-san\Nin charge of cucumber rolls.
OTAE: I think I got the general idea.
OTAE: I feel I can at least make something\Nthat looks like sushi.
OTAE: Shape it so air gets into the\Ngrains and add the wasabi.
SHINPACHI: What is that?!
SHINPACHI: Why is it burned to a crisp?!
SHINPACHI: When did you add heat?\NWhat did you just do?
SHINPACHI: How hot are you?! Go home!
SHINPACHI: Go to the hospital immediately!\NFor your lousy head!
GINTOKI: You guys fail because you don't know
GINTOKI: what you're doing and\Nyou think too much.
GINTOKI: You don't need masterful skill.
GINTOKI: See?
SHINPACHI: You get the shape right!
SHINPACHI: This isn't even sushi anymore!
SHINPACHI: I won't eat it! It has the look of\Nan entry in a pastry contest!
GINTOKI: That's not a toasted rice\Nball. It's a burnt corpse.
KAGURA: What do you think of this?
GINTOKI: Ohhh! Now this...
OTAE: It's sushi no matter how you look at it!
SHINPACHI: Where did you get a slice\Nof tuna this huge?!
KAGURA: It's been my dream to\Nbite into a huge sushi.
SHINPACHI: You're not supposed to\Nmake it for yourself.
SHINPACHI: Where in the world are you going to\Nfind someone who can eat this?!
OTOSE: We have an order for\Negg roll and shrimp!
SHINPACHI: What're we going to do?
SHINPACHI: We still don't have any finished\Nsushi except cucumber rolls.
TAMA: Let me handle this.
SHINPACHI: Tama-san!
TAMA: I have sufficient data on sushi.
TAMA: Would you please ready the ingredients?
SHINPACHI: She ate it?!
SHINPACHI: No.
SHINPACHI/HASEGAWA: Sh...She's...!
TAMA: Done.
HASEGAWA: We can't serve that!
HASEGAWA: How gross can you get?! Are you King\NPiccolo?! That's mostly vomit!
HASEGAWA: [Note: Refers to a Dragonball character.]
TAMA: A robot does not vomit. I simply prepared\Nthe sushi inside my body.
HASEGAWA: There's something gooey all over it!
TAMA: That's oil.
GINTOKI: This is no time for talk.
GINTOKI: I'll save you the trouble-\NI'm putting it out.
HASEGAWA: Just a minute!
HASEGAWA: Wait!
CUSTOMERS A/BCUSTOMERS A/B: Delicious!
CUSTOMERS A/BCUSTOMERS A/B: [Note: Customers are parodies of Kaibara Yuzan\Nand Yamaoka Shiro of Oshinbo manga.]
CUSTOMER A: What is this new texture? It has a\Nflavor I've never tasted before!
CUSTOMERS A/B: It's a revolutionary new sushi!
CUSTOMERS: Hey! I want the same thing!
SHINPACHI: It's a miracle. A miracle happened.
HASEGAWA: We can do this! This is going to work!
HASEGAWA: Keep her spitting them out!
HASEGAWA: Keep her fed and keep\Nher spitting them out!
HASEGAWA: Bring all the ingredients we\Nhave in the restaurant!
KAGURA: This is incredible! The plates\Nare flying off the line!
HASEGAWA: We did it! We've done it!
HASEGAWA: What?!
HASEGAWA: Dammit. This was my\Nchance to make it big.
HASEGAWA: How much of a Madao can I be?!
GINTOKI: Go.
GINTOKI: You go and do whatever it takes\Nto gather up ingredients.
GINTOKI: We'll hold down the fort\Nhere until you get back.
GINTOKI: Hurry and go!
HASEGAWA: I'm counting on you!
KONDO: the only things on the belt\Nare cucumber rolls.
HIJIKATA: The guys said this place was cheap\Nand delicious. Was it bull?
HIJIKATA: The attitude of the staff is the worst.
HIJIKATA: What's with them? I'm\Ngoing to tell them off.
HIJIKATA: What's with that melting parfait?\NWhy're they sending it around?
HIJIKATA: Keep it chilled.
HIJIKATA: Why would dark matter be spinning on\Nthe belt alongside cucumber rolls?
HIJIKATA: Never mind the dark matter.
HIJIKATA: When's the flatfish filet sushi\NI ordered going to show up?
KONDO: What was that just now?
HIJIKATA: What's curry doing in a sushi shop?
KONDO: Didn't it have "flat curry" written on it?
HIJIKATA: Hmph. I'm not taking it.
HIJIKATA: Why do I have to eat curry\Nat a sushi restaurant?
KONDO: [Note: "Ika" means squid.]
KONDO: No. Don't look at him!
HIJIKATA: He's stuck. Ikazo's stuck.
HIJIKATA: He's stuck but he's still looking this way.\NIkazo's looking this way!
HIJIKATA: What's with this place?
KONDO: Let's go home. This is creepy.
HIJIKATA: I don't get this place.
KONDO: Hey! Ikazo's bringing curry!
HIJIKATA: He intends to force us to eat both of them!
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI/KAGURA: Isn't it delicious?
GINTOKI: Hey! Give me back my analog stick!
Next time: The next episode... "Novices Only\NNeed a Flathead and a Phillips."
 Name:  Text
ALL: Teach us!
GINTOKI: we're still getting postcards like this.
GINTOKI: We shouldn't keep dragging\Non and on. I mean really.
GINTOKI: Maybe I should've said something like "I'm\Ngoing to become the Samurai King!"
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of ONE PIECE.]
GINTOKI: So let's use that.
KUSANO: Look at the center of your screen.
KUSANO: Our camera is too far\Naway to see it clearly.
KUSANO: But you can see what\Nappears to be a cow
KUSANO: flying through the air as if it's\Nbeing sucked into the sky.
OLD MAN: Who could be doing such a thing?
KUSANO: The Bakufu suspects these to be\Ncases of theft by Amanto thieves
KUSANO: and is conducting an investigation.
KUSANO: but for anybody living in the city-we urge\Nyou to lock your doors and be on the alert.
KUSANO: In other news...
SHINPACHI: How troubling. No telling where thieves\Nwill strike from these days.
GINTOKI: Cattle abduction in this\Nday and age isn't cool.
GINTOKI: human beings were abducted and their\Nbodies altered against their will.
GINTOKI: The problem was the victims had their\Nmemories of the experience erased
GINTOKI: so they can't remember\Nwhat was done to them.
GINTOKI: But there were a rare few who did remember\Nand that's why we have these stories today.
GINTOKI: There's no telling what\Nthose bastards did.
GINTOKI: and had some strange thing\Nembedded in your body.
GINTOKI: This thing is hopeless...really.
GINTOKI: That didn't fix it.\NMaybe its time has come.
GINTOKI: Guess we'll have to open it up to fix it.
SHINPACHI: Want to use it?
SHINPACHI: W-Wh-What is t-th-this?!
SHINPACHI: W-Wh-Why is my finger\Na Phillips screwdriver?!
GINTOKI: but that's not the way to go.
GINTOKI: [Note: From the anime Cobra.]
GINTOKI: That's so half-assed.
SHINPACHI: That's not what happened!
SHINPACHI: Who'd do something like this\Nto upgrade their character?!
GINTOKI: You saying you don't remember\Ndoing that?
SHINPACHI: Of course not! Who would choose\Nto do such a thing?!
GINTOKI: You're saying you have no\Nidea how it got there?
GINTOKI: Did you get abducted?
SHINPACHI: Could...it be...
SHINPACHI: That wasn't a dream?
SHINPACHI: [Note: Pacific saury (mackerel\Npike) is a type of fish.]
SHINPACHI: Nothing beats saury in the fall.
SHINPACHI: It's...
SHINPACHI: so bright!
AMANTO A: No good again.
AMANTO A: The size is too big.\NIt doesn't fit the screw.
AMANTO A: [Note: Short for PSP game Monster Hunter Portable.\NSold as Monster Hunter Freedom in US.]
AMANTO A: The analog controller broke while\NI was playing Mon-Hun.
AMANTO A: I don't want someone taking my money.
AMANTO A: What? Seriously?
AMANTO A: I probably...
SHINPACHI: W-Wh-What are you?!
SHINPACHI: Wh-What is this place?
SHINPACHI: What...did you do to my finger?!
SHINPACHI: What do you mean you don't know?!
SHINPACHI: You...it's...a Phillips screwdriver now!
AMANTO A: It was like that from the start.
SHINPACHI: Don't lie! You did this!\NYou modified my body!
SHINPACHI: PS(P)?!
AMANTO A: I told you not to say anything!
SHINPACHI: That's totally it!
SHINPACHI: You could've bought something\Nlike that at any hardware shop.
SHINPACHI: Why did you have to modify my body?!
AMANTO A: in Mon-Hun while I couldn't play.
AMANTO A: You'd defeat Paoshanron all by yourself\Nto get an awesome item
AMANTO A: [Note: Paoshanron is a Parody of Lao\NShan Lung from Monster Hunter.]
AMANTO A: and give me the "I'm better\Nthan you" Senpai look.
AMANTO A: You told me that last time.
AMANTO A: Then you defeated Purin alone\Nand got a nice item.
AMANTO A: [Note: Parody of Kirin from Monster Hunter.]
AMANTO A: Seriously unbelievable.
SHINPACHI: Who cares?! What're you going\Nto do about my finger?!
SHINPACHI: Return it to normal! I'll sue you!\NI'll definitely file charges!
AMANTO A: I'll give up on the PS(P).
AMANTO A: There's supposed to\Nbe a new model out.
AMANTO A: The one that's Net-enabled.\NLet's play that one.
AMANTO A: Throw him out onto the road.
GINTOKI: So you're saying they abducted\Nyou to modify your finger
GINTOKI: into a screwdriver just so they\Ncould repair their PS(P)?
SHINPACHI: It's not funny! How am I supposed\Nto live with a finger like this?
SHINPACHI: I can't pick my nose or\Nhug the person I love!
GINTOKI: You'll be fine.
GINTOKI: You'll be able to tighten the screws\Nto the heart of the person you love.
SHINPACHI: That's just lousy smooth talk.
SHINPACHI: What do you mean "screws\Nto the heart"?
GINTOKI: Forget it. You have ten fingers.
SHINPACHI: Don't say irresponsible things because\Nit's someone else's problem!
KAGURA: 'Morning.
KAGURA: I had a weird dream and\Ndidn't sleep very well.
GINTOKI: Gin-san! It's Kagura-chan!
SHINPACHI: C'mon! Are you listening?! Gin-san?
SHINPACHI: ...Gin-san?
 SHIN: (M)They did it to him! They messed\Nwith Gin-san's analog stick!
SHINPACHI: All we know is that they're\Nobsessed with Mon-Hun.
SHINPACHI: Our only hope is to find a clue\Nand trace it back to them.
KAGURA: What is "Mon-Hun"? Is that short\Nfor Mongolian hamster?
SHINPACHI: It's a very popular game throughout\Nthe galaxy right now.
SHINPACHI: It's a game where the player enjoys\Nbeing a hunter on a planet inhabited
SHINPACHI: by many types of monster monkeys.
SHINPACHI: They were playing the PS(P) version
SHINPACHI: and wanted to switch to\Nthe latest online version.
SHINPACHI: That's fortunate for us.
SHINPACHI: The online version allows gamers\Nfrom all over the galaxy
SHINPACHI: to access a playing field\Ncreated on the Net.
KAGURA: So we'll have to search for\Nthem inside the game
KAGURA: where gamers from across\Nthe galaxy come together.
KAGURA: That'll be troublesome.
SHINPACHI: We don't have a choice.
SHINPACHI: so this is the only place we can be sure\Nthose game-playing aliens will be.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: We don't have to go through\Nall that hassle.
GINTOKI: It'd be faster if we hunted down\Nevery single Amanto.
GINTOKI: I'll give everyone of them\Na slow and painful death.
GINTOKI: an extremely rare analog stick...
GINTOKI: I've never seen before!\NWhat is that? Huh?
SHINPACHI: It's probably a hex socket screwdriver.
GINTOKI: Where am I supposed to use this?!
GINTOKI: I have no idea!
GINTOKI: They could've at least made\Nit a Phillips or a flathead!
KAGURA: It would've been better if it had\Ncorroded and fallen off.
GINTOKI: A flathead like you would\Nnever understand
GINTOKI: how a hex socket like me feels!
GINTOKI: They won't get away with this...
GINTOKI: I'll drag them out of cyberspace and\Ntear their analog sticks apart!
GINTOKI: I swear...I swear I'll get my stick back.
SHINPACHI: Right!
KAGURA: Roger!
 SHIN: (N)And so began our battle\Nto restore our bodies.
PC VOICE: Welcome to the world of Monkey Hunter.
PC VOICE: This is the adventure of your dreams where\Nhunters from all across the galaxy gather.
SHINPACHI: I see. I have to start by creating
SHINPACHI: I wonder if Gin-san and\NKagura are doing okay.
SHINPACHI: They're all players of this\Ngame. Awesome.
SHINPACHI: Those aliens are definitely\Nin here somewhere.
SHINPACHI: I'll find them and restore my body!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san and Kagura are late. I told\Nthem to meet me at this spot.
GINKO: Hi.
SHINPACHI: Someone approached me.
SHINPACHI: It's a girl.
GINKO: Are you a beginner at this game?
SHINPACHI: Wow! She invited me. What'll I do?
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry. I'm expecting someone.
GINKO: I see. Too bad...
GINKO: That's all right. It's an item everyone has.
GINTOKI: Give me your balls!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san?!
SHINPACHI: Are you still hung up over\Nyour analog stick?!
SHINPACHI: Hey! He keeps punching\Nme in the crotch!
SHINPACHI: This is a game where we\Ndefeat the monkeys
SHINPACHI: and take their items to strengthen\Nour armaments!
SHINPACHI: What're you trying to take?!
SHINPACHI: Pisses me off.
SHINPACHI: How long are you going to\Nfeel sorry for yourself?
GINTOKI: Are you stupid or something?
GINTOKI: I didn't create this avatar because\NI was down on myself.
GINTOKI: Isn't this form more suitable\Nfor gathering information
GINTOKI: than some shabby dude?
GINTOKI: How 'bout this?
GINTOKI: Lets look for strong-looking veterans who've\Nbeen playing this game a long time.
SHINPACHI: Oh!
SHINPACHI: That guy over there looks good.
SHINPACHI: He looks really strong.
SHINPACHI: He's probably played over 100 hours.
KAGURA: What is it?
SHINPACHI: It's you!
GINTOKI: Why does someone who just started playing\Nlook like a veteran warrior?
GINTOKI: What's that scar on your face?\NWho gave you that?
KAGURA: I'm a hunter. I get what\NI want from the hunt.
SHINPACHI: Hunt? But you just started.\NHow did you...?
ADMINISTRATOR: Excuse me.
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry. We've already\Nformed our party.
SHINPACHI: We don't need any more members.
ADMINISTRATOR: We received a report that\Na hunter was attacked
ADMINISTRATOR: and stripped of his clothes and equipment\Nin a back alley nearby.
ADMINISTRATOR: Do you know anything about it?
GINTOKI/KAGURA: Ugh!
SHINPACHI: Don't rob them!
ADMINISTRATOR: Mmm... Looks Tasty!
ADMINISTRATOR: [Note: Parody of Monster Hunter. "Mmm... Looks Tasty!"\Nvoice is heard when player barbecues a well-done steak.]
SHINPACHI: Don't barbeque him!
SHINPACHI: What're you doing?!
SHINPACHI: This is a game where you hunt monkeys!
SHINPACHI: It's not a game where\Nhunters hunt hunters!
KAGURA: First-rate hunters aren't picky\Nabout their targets.
SHINPACHI: You guys aren't hunters!\NYou're nothing but bandits!
SHINPACHI: Ack! Trouble!
SHINPACHI: The administrators are trying to oust\Nus because we broke the rules!
M: A very interesting group\Nhas joined the game.
SHINPACHI: What should we do?
SHINPACHI: How're we going to gather information\Nabout the alien gamers?
SHINPACHI: And we're out in a field where
SHINPACHI: there's no telling when the\Nmonkeys might attack.
SHINPACHI: we'll never be able to access\Nthis game again.
GINTOKI: Shut up. I know that.
GINTOKI: It's getting in my way.
KAGURA: I'm not Kagura. I'm Kaguura Jasuanto.
KAGURA: [Note: Probably a wordplay on\NGiant from Andr the Giant.]
GINTOKI: What's a Kaguura Jasuanto?
GINTOKI: Are you serious?
GINTOKI: Sounds like a name a middle-schooler\Nwould think of.
GINTOKI: That's totally the failure pattern
GINTOKI: of a novice sending in their entry\Nto a manga competition.
GINTOKI: the readers can't remember\Nthe name of the characters.
GINTOKI: What do you mean "Mr.\NNo-balls"?! Huh?!
GINTOKI: I swear I'll restore my body\Nto the way it was!
SHINPACHI: we have no choice but to\Nkeep moving forward.
SHINPACHI: We'll keep hunting to the very end.
GINTOKI: Hunt?
SHINPACHI: That's right. This is a game where the\Nplayers enjoy hunting the enemy.
SHINPACHI: who've played this game\Nfor tons of hours.
SHINPACHI: We're bound to find hunters who\Nknow about the alien Gamers.
SHINPACHI: Then we should become allies\Nwith the hunters we meet.
SHINPACHI: Yes! We should start by making allies.
GINTOKI: Excuse me. We're novices at this game.
GINTOKI: Won't you play with us?
SHINPACHI: Not that one! That's the enemy!
SHINPACHI: Run!
SHINPACHI: Hurry! Hurry!
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! What item do we\Nneed to get past him?
GINTOKI: This was amongst the things we\Ntook from the security squad!
SHINPACHI: A tainted banana?!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Parody of Tainted Meat\Nfrom Monster Hunter.]
SHINPACHI: he'll be paralyzed.
GINTOKI: Eat this!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Now Loading background\Nis a parody of Monster Hunter.]
SHINPACHI: Why'd you eat it?!
KAGURA: It was a trap.
SHINPACHI: It's not a trap for you! It's a\Ntrap meant for the beast!
KAGURA: Never mind me. Go quickly.
SHINPACHI: Kagura-chan!
SHINPACHI: Lure the enemy this way.
GINTOKI: What's that...?!
SHINPACHI: A pit. We'll use these bananas\Nas bait and then pummel him.
SHINPACHI: What are you doing here?!
SHINPACHI: How'd you get here when\Nyou're paralyzed?!
KAGURA: What is this obsession you\Nhave with bananas?!
GINTOKI: At least in the game I get to eat my fill.
GINTOKI: What a sorry thing to say.\NYou make me wanna cry!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry...it's all my fault.\NI'm so sorry.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! The enemy!
SHINPACHI: Who's that...?
ALL: Teach us!
GINTOKI: I can't watch in real time in Shizuoka city, so\NI buy the DVDs and watch them instead.
GINTOKI: They're painted by a producer\Nat Sunrise named Wakanabe.
GINTOKI: but then drank too much liquor.
GINTOKI: That's why he can't write\Nthe titles in a straight line.
GINTOKI: [Note: Joe Odagiri is a popular young actor.]
Incorrect: [Incorrect: Good Points and Bad\NPoints Are Hard to See]
GINTOKI: go and stand out in the hall!
KAGURA: Yo! Kaguura Jasuanto here.
GINTOKI: The next episode... "Imagination\NIs Nurtured In the 8th Grade."
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: He's here! A hunter is here!
SHINPACHI: He's here! He's really here!
SHINPACHI: Thank you. You saved us. You're\Nvery strong. Do you hunt alone?
PUNCH: I have no friends (lol). Won't\Nyou join me in the hunt (lol)?
GINTOKI: Ginko here. (lol)
KAGURA: I'm Kaguura Jasuanto. (cry)
GINTOKI: Why (cry)? Why're you sad?
KAGURA: I'm on a quest for revenge. It's\Ngoing to be a hellish journey.
GINTOKI: Cut out that 8th-grader storyline.
PUNCH: Ahahahahaha (lol).
SHINPACHI: He puts (lol) after he laughs. Hilarious.\NHe's an awesome guy.
PUNCH: There was an argument\Nabout this on the Net.
PUNCH: It's often difficult to convey\Nfeelings in text.
PUNCH: So we write in our emotions\Nto avoid misunderstandings.
PUNCH: Forgive me. I got sidetracked and\Nhaven't introduced myself. (lol)
PUNCH: I'm Fruit Punch Samurai G. Pleased\Nto meet you. (Katsura)
SHINPACHI: (Katsura)...you mean?!
SHINPACHI: This guy reveled his identity\Nright from the start!
SHINPACHI: What're you doing here? Get back to\Nyour Anti-Foreigner Faction activities!
KATSURA: What do you all do in real life?
KATSURA: (It probably can't be anything good seeing\Nas you're playing games in the afternoon.)
SHINPACHI: Hey! You're being way too\Nhonest in the parentheses!
SHINPACHI: You're writing feelings\Nyou shouldn't write!
GINTOKI: We're just gamers. (pilot)
SHINPACHI: Don't lie! Don't lie in the parentheses!
KAGURA: I'm just a traveler.
KAGURA: my second personality awakens and\NI become a hard-nosed berserker...
KAGURA: He gave me this cross-shaped\Nscar on my face.)
SHINPACHI: Stop explaining your 8th-grader storyline!
SHINPACHI: When did that happen? When\Ndid you get that scar?!
KATSURA: Me? I'm...
KATSURA: a screwdriver. (+)
KATSURA: [Note: (+) stands for Phillips screwdriver.]
 KATS: (M)I was subjected to alien abduction\Nby a mysterious UFO.
 KATS: (M)My body was modified\Nwithout my consent.
KATSURA: I'm playing this game to pursue the alien\Ngamers. Do you know anything?
GINTOKI: He's a nuisance. Let's kick him out\Nand find someone else.
SHINPACHI: Gosh. There were other\Nvictims besides us.
KATSURA: Just a minute. Let's hunt together...
CHINPO: Fruit Punch Samurai G.
PUNCH: You're... (anger)
PUNCH: Fruit Chinpo Samurai G!
KATSURA: You're still in this game?
KATSURA: How many times have I told you to change\Nyour confusing name? (anger)
KATSURA: [Note: "Punch" is "ponchi" in Japanese. "Ponchi" spelled\Nbackwards is "Chinpo" which means "penis."]
CHINPO: You're the one who has\Nto change his name.
CHINPO: I will not allow anyone to\Nuse the name "Fruit."
SHINPACHI: I think I've seen this scenario before.
SHINPACHI: [Note: Refers to Ep. 34]
KATSURA/CHINPO: Let's do this!
KATSURA: What are you in real life anyway?!
KONDO: I'm a screwdriver.
KONDO: Th-That's impossible! There were others...?
KONDO: and had their body fused with a screwdriver\Nat the genetic level?!
KONDO: [Note: Reference from the movie "The Fly".]
SHINPACHI: That's totally different! Only you were\Ninvolved in "The Fly" accident!
KATSURA: That's shocking... (I have no\Nidea what he's talking about.)
SHINPACHI: He's going with the flow!
SHINPACHI: Totally wrong! This is a\Ntotally different incident!
GINTOKI: They can help him.
KAGURA: Don't slow us down.
KAGURA: my second personality awakens and\NI become a hard-nosed berserker.
SHINPACHI: You were a hard-nosed\Nberserker from the start!
KONDO: You say you're going to find\Nthe alien gamers...but how?
KONDO: This game is filled with gamers\Nfrom all over the galaxy.
KONDO: How will you find and recognize them?
KATSURA: We need to find M. (passion)
KONDO: M...? That's impossible!\NHe's just a myth!
KATSURA: We have to find M. (passion)
KONDO: But...
SHINPACHI: Just a minute. Just what is M?
KATSURA: You don't know? (ass)
SHINPACHI: (Ass)?! Are you saying I'm stupid?\NYou better not mean that!
KATSURA: Codename M.
KATSURA: He has existed since Genesis.
KATSURA: He is all-knowing and has hunted\Nthroughout this entire world.
KATSURA: The legendary hunter...M.
ATSURA: was last seen in Area D-51.
KONDO: Area D-51? That's the lair of mythical beasts\Nthat even top-class hunters fear.
GINTOKI: So this is Area D-51...gives\Nme the creeps.
KATSURA: Be wary. The monkeys that live\Nhere are of the highest level.
KATSURA: We'd be no match for it. (fear)
SHINPACHI: I can't believe anyone would be in\Nsuch a frightening place like this.
KATSURA: Exactly. Only monsters dwell here.
GINTOKI: Did you hear something?
SHINPACHI: A howl...like that of some kind of beast.
KONDO: Could it be the enemy?!
KATSURA: Look! A human-like form!
KATSURA: Th-That's...!
KATSURA: Oh no! Someone's been strung up\Nto roast! Hurry and get her down!
SHINPACHI: She's still breathing.
KATSURA: She must've been captured by the monkeys\Nand was about to be eaten.
SACHAN: Why'd you cut me down?
GINTOKI: It's you! This is just
GINTOKI: an ordinary M!
GINTOKI: [Note: M stands for masochist.]
GINTOKI: Some "legendary hunter"!
SHINPACHI: What did you bring us here for?! Huh?!
GINTOKI: Let's string this guy up next.
SHINPACHI: M-Monster!
KATSURA: I-Impossible!
M: Don't even think about\Ntouching my guests.
M: Yo.
M: I'm M.
KONDO: There's no doubt about it.
KONDO: Only one person in this world\Ncould do such a thing.
KONDO: One who is all-knowing; one who has\Nhunted all over the entire game...
KONDO: This is the legendary hunter...M!
SHINPACHI: C-Cool!
GINTOKI: [Note: Refers to Cloud from Final Fantasy VII.]
KONDO: I want your autograph.
KATSURA: What're you getting so excited about?
KATSURA: That's not the reason we came here.
SHINPACHI: What did you come for?! Who's your kid?
SHINPACHI: Forgive us. We're...
M: You don't have to say anything.
M: Who do you think I am?\NI am the all-knowing M.
M: I know why you're playing this game\Nand why you came in search of me.
M: I know everything.
M: I've been waiting for you.
M: I have been waiting for true\Nhunters like you to come.
M: some rather odd hunters coming\Nto the Mon-Hun world.
M: They're not here to enjoy hunting.
M: All they do is search for people.\NAnd they all say the same thing...
M: Do you know anything about\Nthe alien gamers?
SHINPACHI: I-It can't be...
M: Yes. You're not the only victims\Nof alien abduction.
M: are coming one after another\Ninto this world.
SACHAN: Didn't you people know?
SACHAN: It's become such a crisis that the\NBakufu is taking action.
SACHAN: I was asked by certain higher-ups\Nin the Bakufu
M: But the majority of players gave\Nup and tossed their controllers.
M: You are the first ones\Nto have reached me.
M: You'll find what you're looking for here.
M: the mythical beast...
M: Seiten Taisei. The aliens\Nplan to hunt it down.
M: [Note: Seiten Taisei is the self-claimed name\Nof Son Goku in Journey To The West.]
M: They will come here for sure.
M: You are people whom I recognize\Nas true hunters.
M: Will you fight with me?
M: I cannot stand by and watch anymore\Nas people trample on
M: this hunters' paradise\Nwith their soiled feet.
M: Let us go together. Let us reclaim\Nour hunters' paradise.
SHINPACHI: Oh M...!!
CUSTOMER: Keep it down!
SHINPACHI: a member of our party!
GINTOKI: Are you okay with getting involved\Nin such a problem?
M: Hmph.
M: Don't worry. I'm not doing this on\Na whim or just for the fun of it.
M: A light shined down on me from the sky
HASEGAWA: I had been rendered completely\Nunemployed.
SHINPACHI: That's not a modification!
SHINPACHI: Why are you blaming aliens\Nfor not having a job?!
SHINPACHI: You were that way before\Nthey showed up!
SHINPACHI: That's who you are!
SHINPACHI: You're just trying to escape your real life\Nself by pretending to be someone else!
SHINPACHI: No way...the legendary hunter...was\NHasegawa-san?
GINTOKI: I see.
GINTOKI: He has so much free time that\Nhe escaped into this game
GINTOKI: and became the strongest hunter here.
GINTOKI: His life inside the game and his real\Nlife are in inverse proportion.
GINTOKI: are good-for-nothings in the real world\Nwho have too much free time.
GINTOKI: The legendary hunter is a legendary\Ngood-for-nothing.
SHINPACHI: We're all good-for-nothings.\NWill we be okay?
SHINPACHI: Oh...someone's there...!
SHINPACHI: There they are!
SHINPACHI: It's them! No mistake! They look\Nalmost the same as in real life!
GINTOKI: Those jerks! I'll finish them off!
KATSURA: Wait!
KATSURA: We're inside the game.
KATSURA: Capturing them in here won't\Nrestore our bodies. (anxiety)
KONDO: Punch Samurai G is right.
KONDO: any victory in here would\Nbe meaningless.
SHINPACHI: Then...what can we do?
HASEGAWA: There's the offline meeting.
SHINPACHI: Offline meeting?
HASEGAWA: can meet face-to-face and get\Nto know each other better.
HASEGAWA: We'll help them with their hunt\Nand become Net friends.
HASEGAWA: Then we'll invite them\Nto an offline meeting
HASEGAWA: and drag them out of the cyber world.
GINTOKI: We don't have time to go\Nthrough all that trouble!
GINTOKI: This is already the second week!
GINTOKI: We've already spent two weeks\Non this ridiculous subject!
KONDO: Okay! Then let's hold an offline\Nmeeting to plan our strategy.
SHINPACHI: You're too calm. That's an "I'm\Nrelaxing at home" calmness!
SHINPACHI: I-It's here!
HASEGAWA: Our enemy is the strongest in Mon-Hun.\NDon't get yourselves killed.
HASEGAWA: Let's go!
SHINPACHI: I think they killed it.
SHINPACHI: Just a minute! What're you doing?!\NWe haven't done anything yet!
KOHAI: Ah...we've killed the final boss.
SENPAI: I guess we're done with Mon-Hun.
SHINPACHI: Oh no! This isn't good!\NWe've got trouble!
HASEGAWA: An enemy! We have to give\Nthem a new enemy!
SHINPACHI: Where are we going to\Nfind another enemy?!
HASEGAWA: I'll think of something!
HASEGAWA: Keep them in the game until then.
SACHAN: I think our only choice is\Nto use womanpower.
GINTOKI: Suit yourself.
KOHAI: You mean the rare item?
SENPAI: No...that.
GINTOKI: You go and approach them.
GINTOKI: She wants to know if you'd\Nlike to come with us.
SHINPACHI: Terrific! They've got the high-school\Nco-ed thing down pat!
SHINPACHI: No man can resist that!
GINTOKI: you were saying those body\Ntights turned you on.
SHINPACHI: Why's an old man joining in?!
KAGURA: Don't you think it's seriously risqu?
SHINPACHI: You're not a girl right now!
GINTOKI: Wow! Awesome!
GINTOKI: But did you know there's a hidden\Nboss inside that temple?
GINTOKI: There's a super-strong hidden boss called\NSmegmamon or Masta Bayter.
SENPAI: I don't care.
SHINPACHI: Just a minute! There's no Masta\NBayter anywhere in this world!
SHINPACHI: What are we going to do?!
SHINPACHI: They just lied to convince\Nthem to go with them!
KATSURA: This is bad.
KATSURA: That Senpai dude is totally\Nstricken with 8th-grade-itis.
KATSURA: He acts disinterested.
KATSURA: The sex-appeal tactic is backfiring.
KATSURA: They won't be able to invite\Nthem to an offline meeting.
KONDO: Let's use his 8th-grade-itis\Nto our advantage.
KONDO: [Note: Absolute Terror Field from\NNeon Genesis Evengelion.]
KONDO: but they're defenseless against\Nthose of the same sex or race.
SHINPACHI: What's an AT Field? Aren't you\Nthe one with 8th-grade-itis?
KONDO: I'll force open a hole in his AT Field.
KONDO: You guys use that opportunity\Nto get close to him.
SHINPACHI: How're you going to force it open?
SHINPACHI: That guy won't let anyone\Nin except his Kohai.
KONDO: I'm sure he'll open up if we\Nshow him we're his friends.
KONDO: Is there anything they identify with?
KONDO: That!
SENPAI: It's nothing.
GINTOKI: This isn't working. He hasn't\Nopened up to us at all.
SACHAN: He's at a difficult age.
GINTOKI: But he keeps ogling us. So irritating!
SACHAN: Don't lose patience. We'll\Nseduce him in time.
KONDO: Oh?
KONDO: Aren't you...
KONDO: Senpai?
KONDO: It's me. Me! I was two grades\Nbelow you in middle school.
KONDO: Don't you remember me? This antenna?
GINTOKI: Awesome! A new species of monkey!
GINTOKI: A rare monkey. Let's\Nquickly take his stuff.
SENPAI: Did he say something just\Nnow? Do I know him?
SACHAN: He's nobody you know. He's just\Na monkey. A genuine monkey.
KAGURA: I obtained a truly rare item.
KAGURA: I want you to have this as\Na token of our friendship.
SENPAI: You mean it?
KATSURA: Fruit Chinpo Samurai G!! (lol)
SHINPACHI: What's the (lol) for?
SHINPACHI: but the awkwardness has lessened a bit.
KATSURA: Fruit Chinpo Samurai G! Your death\Nwas not in vain! (roflmao)
SHINPACHI: Why are you laughing?
KATSURA: Fruit Chinpo Samurai G taught me that
KATSURA: people must bare themselves and confront\Neach other head-on. (naked)
KATSURA: There was no hope of opening\Nup that guy's heart
KATSURA: by whispering secretly between\Nourselves over here.
KATSURA: I've made up my mind-I'm going to bare\Nmyself and confront them. (resolve)
KATSURA: I will tell him everything I\Nfeel with open frankness.
KATSURA: but I am sure we can understand\Neach other!
KATSURA: Hey! You guys!
SHINPACHI: He's revealing something\Nthat's totally irrelevant!
GINTOKI: A-Awesome! Rare monkeys\Nkeep appearing here!
SACHAN: They were genuine monkeys.
KAGURA: I obtained a very rare item.
KAGURA: I want you to have this as a token...
GINTOKI: I don't want it!
SENPAI: You've been sneaking about\Ntrying to check us out.
SENPAI: What're you up to? Are you with them?
GINTOKI: Huh? What're you saying?
SENPAI: I'm asking who you people are!
GINTOKI: You should identify yourselves first\Nbefore asking us questions.
SENPAI: Huh? We are...
HIJIKATA/OKITA: We are screwdrivers.
GINTOKI: How many weeks is it going\Nto take to get my dick back?
SHINPACHI: The next episode... "Always Keep\Na Screwdriver In Your Heart."
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: The Odd Jobs were subjected\Nto alien abduction
SHINPACHI: by mysterious aliens from\Nouter space and
SHINPACHI: had parts of their bodies modified\Ninto screwdrivers.
SHINPACHI: They did it to him! They messed\Nwith Gin-san's analog stick!
 SHIN: (N)they began playing an online\Ngame called Monkey Hunter.
SENPAI: You guys have been sneaking\Nabout trying to check us out.
SENPAI: What're you up to? Are you with them?
GINTOKI: Huh? What're you saying?
SENPAI: I'm asking who you people are!
GINTOKI: You should identify yourselves first\Nbefore asking us questions.
SENPAI: Huh? We are...
HIJIKATA/OKITA: We are screwdrivers.
CUSTOMER: Excuse me.
CUSTOMER: Two orders of salted beef tongue\Nand four draft beers!
WAITRESS: Coming right up!
WAITRESS: Everyone...have you decided\Non your orders?
ALL: Ten orders of Kalbi G.
ALL: [Note: Parody of Well-done steak G from Monster\NHunter. Kalbi is Korean style beef ribs.]
SHINPACHI: Say something! This is\Nour offline meeting.
GINTOKI: Offline meeting? These\Nare all people I know.
GINTOKI: The same stupid faces.
GINTOKI: This is no time to be having\Nan offline meeting!
GINTOKI: We're already into our third week!
GINTOKI: We've been doing this for three weeks
GINTOKI: and our predicament hasn't\Ngotten any better.
GINTOKI: What was the purpose of going\Non the hunt in the first place?
GINTOKI: What did we gain from\Ntwo weeks of hunting?!
KONDO: This is a prize more precious than any\Nrare item obtained from the hunt.
GINTOKI: Your adapter was pulled\Nfrom its socket years ago.
KATSURA: Hmph. You fools.
KATSURA: Nothing good will come\Nfrom capturing me.
KATSURA: It doesn't change the fact that\Nyou're all screwdrivers.
KATSURA: I might.
KATSURA: Look at this before you doubt me.
KATSURA: You'll never talk that\Nway about me again.
KONDO: This is...?!
KATSURA: Get me the Prime tripe if you want\Nto know the contact number
KATSURA: and interview location.
KAGURA: One Prime tripe!
KAGURA: One kalbi!
SHINPACHI: Why are you showing\Nus a truck driver ad?!
SHINPACHI: That's totally the wrong kind of driver!
KATSURA: I wouldn't have anything like that.
KATSURA: Are you still going to ignore reality?
KATSURA: we're not ever going to find any.
KATSURA: There's nothing more we can do.
HIJIKATA: Don't be ridiculous. We're\Nnot giving up so easily.
KONDO: That's right! We're going\Nto restore our bodies!
KONDO: The fight begins right now...
KONDO: Ack!
SHINPACHI: Kondo-san...is this...
KONDO: She's the third princess of Planet\NScrew...Princess Phillips.
KATSURA: What we need to do now...
KATSURA: Is not play Mon-Hun or plan useless\Nstrategies over barbeque.
KATSURA: We need to decide how we're\Ngoing to live as screwdrivers.
WAITRESS: Thank you very much.
 SHIN: (M)and everyone left the Mon-Hun\Nparty depressed.
 SHIN: (M)The only way to catch the aliens\Nwas through the game.
 SHIN: (M)We kept reminding ourselves of that...
 SHIN: (M)but perhaps all we were doing\Nwas ignoring the harsh reality
 SHIN: (M)we were stuck in and escaping\Ninto the game.
 SHIN: (M)Now we had to face reality.
KUSANO: We have a report from the scene\Nby Ketsuno announcer.
KETSUNO: {\a6}Yes. This is Ketsuno reporting\Nfrom the scene.
KAGURA: He escaped in just a week.\NZura's pretty good.
SHINPACHI: so they couldn't keep him locked up.
SHINPACHI: Coming.
SHINPACHI: I wonder what everyone who came to\Nthe Mon-Hun party is doing right now?
GINTOKI: Who knows...
GINTOKI: They're all probably working\Nas drivers somewhere.
 SHIN: (M)Our new lives as drivers\Nwas surprising fulfilling.
HIJIKATA: Right!
HIJIKATA: Right.
 SHIN: (M)It was really bringing the\Nwhole gang down.
SAMURAI B/C: Nice shot!
 SHIN: (M)We realized we were stuck being\Ndrivers and so lived as drivers.
OKITA: Right here.
OKITA: Right.
 SHIN: (M)Were we really\Nfacing reality?
KONDO: What a coincidence! I'm\Na Phillips screwdriver!
MATSUDAIRA: Good for you two!
MATSUDAIRA: Perhaps you two are held together\Nby the red screw of destiny!
MATSUDAIRA: [Note: Parody of Japanese saying that two people are\Nheld together by a red thread/destined to be together.]
 SHIN: (M)Life seemed so much more real when\Nwe were playing the game.
SACHAN: but this is unbearable!
 SHIN: (M)If our lives keep going on like this...
 SHIN: (M)will it become the norm and will\Nthe cloud over our hearts fade?
 SHIN: (M)What is this listless feeling?
 SHIN: (M)Like we've given up without\Nknowing why?
BARTENDER: Your screwdriver.
 SHIN: (M)Will there come a day when the cloud\Nis washed from our hearts?
 SHIN: (M)Is our hunt really over...?
SHINPACHI: It's a hitchhiker.
SHINPACHI: That was someone we know.
GINTOKI: I'm working. I don't care.
SACHAN: Take me to the GEO Kabukicho\NBranch. That's our destination.
SACHAN: [Note: GEO is a Japanese\Nrental video & game store.]
SACHAN: You're still an "S" (sadist) even as a driver.
SACHAN: Was there ever such a\Nthing as an S-driver?
GINTOKI: I'm working. Go home.
SACHAN: You sure are earnest about your work.
SACHAN: Is this how you plan on\Nplaying the realist-
SACHAN: Is this how you really want\Nto live your life?!
SACHAN: holed up in their tissue-filled\Nroom thinking they're alive
SACHAN: because they spend all their\Ntime playing a videogame.
SACHAN: If you really want to live\Nin reality...then fight it!
SACHAN: Create your own destiny and\Nlive in your own reality!
SACHAN: Isn't that what it truly means to live?
SACHAN: Isn't that a true gamer?\NOne who plays the game of life-
SACHAN: isn't that who Gintoki Sakata is?!
SACHAN: I don't care if you lose!
SACHAN: I don't care if you remain\Na screwdriver! Because...
SACHAN: Because...my nipples are...
GINTOKI: That was one noisy sow.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: The real hunt begins now!
 SHIN: (M)Our hunt...
AMANTO A: We sure bought a lot.
 SHIN: (M)...was still...
 SHIN: (M)...not over.
AMANTO A: What is it? What's going on?
AMANTO A: Those are...
AMANTO A: screwdrivers! Massive screwdrivers\Nare drilling into the propulsion unit.
KONDO: Katsura!
KATSURA: Stop it! Don't call me by that\Nname right now! Kondo.
KONDO: Stop it! Don't call me by\Nthat name right now!
KATSURA: Don't say anything!
AMANTO A: Blast it. Ready cannons!
AMANTO A: Safety lock off. Aiming.
HIJIKATA: They're all yours.
AMANTO A: This can't be!
AMANTO A: You're insane!
GINTOKI: Land this ship. Give me back my dick.
AMANTO A: but try and stop the ship if you can.
AMANTO A: This ship won't stop no matter how\Nmuch you wreck the propulsion unit.
AMANTO A: You see...
AMANTO A: This ship will keep on flying unless\Nyou disassemble the main brain.
AMANTO A: That screw can't be turned without\Na special screwdriver.
AMANTO A: You've lost...
GINTOKI: Is that so?
GINTOKI: I was wondering where I could\Nuse this...I guess this is it.
AMANTO A: Wh...What?
AMANTO A: You... It can't be...!
AMANTO A: That screwdriver is...!
GINTOKI: Fade in!
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of anime "Brave Raideen."]
GINTOKI: Go to hell!
HIJIKATA: Huh? What about our bodies?
MASUKAAKU: You did well to come this far.
MASUKAAKU: Let's have our final battle.
KAGURA: I feel sorry for cicadas.
GINTOKI: Don't feel sorry for them.
GINTOKI: What makes you think their life begins\Nafter they come out of the ground?
GINTOKI: They might be having sushi\Nunderground every day.
GINTOKI: It's just the last part of their life.
GINTOKI: They come out looking forward\Nto playing gateball.
GINTOKI: [Note: Gateball is a croquet-like game\Nassociated with old folks in Japan.]
KAGURA: Are you serious? Sushi everyday?\NThat makes me angry.
GINTOKI: We eat raw egg and soy sauce on rice\Neveryday-we're a lot more pitiful.
KAGURA: I feel sorry for mosquitoes.
KAGURA: but we treat them like vampires\Nand squash them.
GINTOKI: Don't feel sorry for them.
GINTOKI: Don't you know why you feel itchy\Nwhen a mosquito bites you?
GINTOKI: It's because of its saliva.
GINTOKI: They get treated to a meal at your house\Nand spit on you as they leave.
MOSQUITO: Thanks for the god-awful meal.
KAGURA: Are you serious? That makes me angry.
GINTOKI: Of course it does.
KAGURA: I feel sorry for Madao.
HASEGAWA: Aren't you going to say something?
SHINPACHI: Gin-san! It happened!
GINTOKI: Are you sure it's okay?
GINTOKI: There hasn't been a single song of\Nhers that hasn't caused trouble.
OTSU: The next episode... "When Nagging Goes\NToo Far It Becomes Intimidating."
 Name:  Text
OTSU: I like it... I like drinking...
OTSU: I like it... I like drinking with you...
OTSU: Drunk with you and P-chan...
SPECTATORS: Corn poop!!
OTSU: [Note: Mas Oyama is a famous karate master.]
SPECTATORS: Mas Oyama!!
OTSU: The truth is...
OTSU: [Note: Tamba (old province of Japan) is famous\Nfor producing high quality black beans.]
SPECTATOR B: I'm definitely going to buy it.
MUSASHI-LIKE PERSON: I think it's important to know\Nwhether it's edible or not.
SERGEANT: releasing several different versions\Nof the single like they do
SERGEANT: {\an6}[Note: Japanese pop idols often release several\Nversions of a single to boost sales.]
SERGEANT: with other pop stars' albums.
SHINPACHI: I'm Tsu Terakado Fan Club Captain\NShinpachi Shimura!!
SERGEANT: Owowowow. "Members are to buy\Nfour of each of Otsu's CDs:
SERGEANT: and one for actual use."
SHINPACHI: That's right!!
SHINPACHI: your comments go against this rule!!
SHINPACHI: Therefore you will be punished with the
SHINPACHI: Nose Hook Destroyer\NSecond Illumination!!
OTSU: Good morning.
OTSU: Huh?
MOTHER: We're going to postpone sales.
OTSU: Hey! Why?! Why is this happening?!
MOTHER: We don't have a song written.\NIt can't be helped.
MOTHER: Tsunpo-san made the decision himself...
TOBA: That's right!!
TOBA: So he says...
OTSU: That's the stupidest reason ever!!
OTSU: We can't postpone the sale of my important new\Nsong because of a crazy reason like that.
OTSU: Anyway...
OTSU: I was playing my shamisen,
Dialogue: 0,0:04:53.00,0:04:56.41,Main03,OTSU,0000,0000,0000,,when a man with naturally\Nwavy hair hit my helicopter
Dialogue: 0,0:04:56.41,0:04:59.24,Main03,OTSU,0000,0000,0000,,with a wooden sword and it\Ncrashed into the ground?
OTSU: That could never happen!!\NThis isn't an anime!!
OTSU: This isn't... an anime...
TOBA: [Note: "This Isn't An Anime" (Anime Ja Nai)\Nis the opening theme song to Gundam ZZ.]
MOTHER: Otsu already made a\Npublic announcement
MOTHER: about the release of her new song...
MOTHER: To postpone it because of some nonsense\Nabout playing a shamisen
MOTHER: and his helicopter crashing\Ninto the ground...
MOTHER: There's no way he'd only have\Nsuffered a sprained finger.
TOBA: Huh? Tsunpo-san?
MUSASHI-LIKE PERSON: I think it's important to know\Nwhether he's edible or not.
OTSU: You can bring in a different producer!
OTSU: I can make my own song for\Nthe first time in a while!!
TOBA: But I don't have anyone who\Ncan take Tsunpo's place...
OTSU: Shut your face...
OTSU: or a karaoke release? I've been\Nwaiting all this time...
MOTHER: I don't remember raising\Nher to be like that.
MOTHER: Is that so?
OTSU: I'll manage by myself!!
 OTSU (m: (mono)I'm still somewhat of a musician.
 OTSU (m: (mono)I should be able to make an amazing\Nsong that's as good as his.
OTSU: I can't write anything!!
OTSU: Why? Is it because I\Nmade some money?
OTSU: Or is it because I don't\Nhave a clear goal?
OTSU: Is it because I lack concentration?
OTSU: Is it because I'm hungry?
OTSU: Or is it because...my talent's dried up?
OTSU: No! No!
 OTSU (m: (mono)In that case...
 OTSU (m: (mono)I was spoiled by my situation.
 OTSU (m: (mono)I have to go to a place where no one
 OTSU (m: (mono)and get back the feelings I lost.
 OTSU (m: (mono)Nakata went on a trip to find himself.
 OTSU (m: (mono)[Note: Hide Nakata is a Japanese soccer player.]
OTSU: Ah... This is heaven...
 OTSU (m: (mono)No! I can't be doing this!
FAKE HARUNA: How many years has it been\Nsince out last fight?
FAKE HARUNA: Friendship! Dynamite!
OTSU: Friendship! The Demoness Haruna!
FAKE HARUNA: It's friendship! The two letters\Nthat spell friendship...
FAKE HARUNA: [Note: Friendship in Japanese is "." (yuujou)]
FAKE HARUNA: Duwa!!
PARTTIMER A: Please come in.
PARTTIMER B: Please come in.
PASSERBY: Not at a place with a name like that
MUSASHI-LIKE PERSON: I think it's important to know\Nwhether it's edible or not.
OTSU: {\an7}Please come in.
CHILDREN: Wait!!
OTSU: I can't make it I really am no good.
OTSU: I can't do anything by myself.\NI'm a manufactured pop idol.
OTSU: I couldn't even write a song by myself.
MOTHER: I thought that was the case.
OTSU: M-Mom!
MOTHER: It's not just me.
OTSU: E-Everyone Why?
MOTHER: I know you.
OTSU: Mom
TOBA: Your mom asked me to bring\Nover everyone you knew.
OTSU: Toba-san!
HARUNA: I'll bet no one expected\Nme to show up again.
OTSU: The Demoness Haruna!
KONDO: I caused you a lot of trouble when\Nyou were Chief for the day.
OTSU: Kondo-san!!
HIJIKATA: [Note: Elephas namadicus is\Na small prehistoric elephant.]
OTSU: Hijikata-san!
GINTOKI: Now Ive done it
GINTOKI: I've done it again
OTSU: Makoto-chan!
OTSU: And Corpse-chan!!
MEMBER B: You're right. He's not here.
MOTHER: It's not a bad thing to be stubborn\Nand stick it out on your own.
MOTHER: But you're not alone.
MOTHER: Yes. Tsu Terakado is supported\Nby all these people.
MOTHER: Have confidence. Everyone supports you.
TOBA: There's still time until the release!
HARUNA: We'll help you!!
OTSU: Everyone Thank you. I'll give it a try
OTSU: I'll do it!!
OTSU: I'll write an excellent song!!
TOBA: We've managed to secure\Na meeting room.
MOTHER: Then let's get over there right away!
OTSU: Yeah!
OTSU: I did it!!
OTSU: The lyrics dont feel right.
SHINPACHI: That's not true! These are good lyrics!
OMITTEDSHINPACHI: I'm not afraid. That's\Nbecause you're here.
OMITTEDSHINPACHI: I've made up my mind. So\NI'm not turning back.
KONDO: To hell with those who act\Nas if they're important.
KONDO: It's risky if you get too used\Nto really nasty jokes.
HIJIKATA: Now free yourself from control.
HIJIKATA: Go anywhere. Fly to an\Nunseen new world.
HARUNA: Who cares about broadcast regulations?\NYou don't need brakes.
GINTOKI: Who cares about broadcast regulations?
GINTOKI: My heart is always dressed in white.
GINTOKI: [Note: White traditionally worn at funerals.]
ALL: Hmm
GINTOKI: Oh! I thought of something great.
GINTOKI: have any punch to it.\NSo if you do this to it
SHINPACHI: Hey! How could the two of you\Ndo that to Otsu-chan's lyrics?!
SHINPACHI: Make that part cute like this!!
HIJIKATA: Oh! I also thought of something!
HARUNA: I also have an idea!!
TOBA: Do you think it would sell\Nbetter if we did this?
OTSU: Amazing
OTSU: Everyone's pouring their\Nideas into my song.
OTSU: This is good
OTSU: This is definitely good!!
SPECTATORS: Corn poop!!
OTSU: Please listen to it!!
OTSU: The thing I'm afraid of is
OTSU: [Bush].
OTSU: [Note: Most of the [*bleep*] words are not allowed\Nto be broadcasted on TV in Japan.]
OTSU: That's because he's [insane].
OTSU: The [methamphetamine] is working.
OTSU: [Day laborers] with bad [backs]
OTSU: I'm making jokes out of [madness]. I'm\Nbeginning to [see] [hallucinations].
OTSU: Come on!!
OTSU: [Trample] on the [eyes of the law].
OTSU: [Go] anywhere. Fly to a [crazy] world
OTSU: Who cares about broadcasting\Nregulations!
OTSU: A thirty-minute discussion\Non [going commando]!!
OTSU: Who cares about broadcasting\Nregulations!
OTSU: I don't [care] if I become [limp].
OTSU: [I don't] care about [broadcasting\Nregulations].
OTSU: Am I not allowed to say [which planet]?
OPENING CREDITS: I'm not afraid.
OPENING CREDITS: That's because you're here.
OPENING CREDITS: I've made up my mind.
OPENING CREDITS: So I'm not turning back.
OPENING CREDITS: To hell with those who act\Nas if they're important.
OPENING CREDITS: It's risky if you get too used\Nto really nasty jokes.
OPENING CREDITS: Now free yourself from control.
OPENING CREDITS: Go anywhere.
OPENING CREDITS: Fly to an unseen new world.
OPENING CREDITS: Who cares about broadcast regulations?
OPENING CREDITS: You don't need brakes.
OPENING CREDITS: Who cares about broadcast regulations?
OPENING CREDITS: My heart is always dressed in white.
ALL: Ginpachi-sensei!
 KYUBEI : (mono)That was just for practice.
KYUBEI: How silly
ALL: Ginpachi-sensei!
GINTOKI: [Note: Schwa-chan is Japanese nickname\Nfor Arnold Schwarzenegger.]
GINTOKI: You can only get carried away until 2.
GINTOKI: This is going to appear\Non the test. Take notes.
GINTOKI: Macaulay Culkin-kun got carried\Naway in 2 as if it were 3.
GINTOKI: He acted like I'm Macaulay. So what?
HIJIKATA: Wait!! Then what about Dragon Quest 3?
HIJIKATA: I thought 3 was a masterpiece.
HIJIKATA: Okay!!
GINTOKI: What?!
KAGURA: GinTama is ending?!
GINTOKI: But didn't we just say we were\Nin the middle of the third year?
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: I never expected this to happen\Nin the middle of the third year.
KAGURA: it's like "Our battle has only just begun."
GINTOKI: but let's do our best until the very end!
ALL: All right!
GINTOKI: So how long do we have?
SHINPACHI: Huh?
KAGURA: How many episodes is the final chapter?\NWhen is the final episode?
GINTOKI: What? It hasn't been decided yet?
KAGURA: What? What's the big idea?
SHINPACHI: the final episode is...in about\Nhalf a year from now.
KAGURA: What?!
GINTOKI: We're half a year from the final episode?!\NHow long is this final chapter?!
KAGURA: Is it that the type of thing they've\Nbeen pulling in TV dramas lately-
GINTOKI: Aww... I don't feel like doing\Nanything anymore.
GINTOKI: Let's end for today.
KAGURA: Yeah.
SHINPACHI: What? No way!
SHINPACHI: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What\Nshould I do?
SHINPACHI: The next episode... "Some Things Can Only\NBe Conveyed Through the Written Word."
GINTOKI: Next is the King Kong twosome. Thanks.
GINTOKI: [NOTE: King Kong is a Japanese\Nstandup comedy team.]
SHINPACHI: H-Hey!
GINTOKI: Shut up. We've already done the\Nending credits and the preview.
SHINPACHI: Still...
GINTOKI: Next is the King Kong twosome. Thanks.
GINTOKI: They're already mad at us\Nfor a lot of other things.
GINTOKI: The producer has already written\Nseveral apologies this year.
KAGURA: [Note: Mu-san is now the producer\Nof an Ad agency.]
GINTOKI: We can just write another apology.
SHINPACHI: We can't do that.
GINTOKI: Next is the King Kong twosome. Thanks.
SHINPACHI: I'm sorry! This is my fault!
GINTOKI: Oh well. Let's fill up the time.
SHINPACHI: Phew...
KAGURA: But I don't feel like doing\Nanything anymore.
SHINPACHI: I-I feel a sense of dj vu...
KAGURA: We'll be dragging on like this even\Nafter the commercial break.
CM BUMPERGINTOKI: but we were told we couldn't do that.
SHINPACHI: The land of samurai. The\Ntime when our country...
GINTOKI: Hey! Why do you have to start\Nall the way back there?!
GINTOKI: Last year's recap episode\Nstarted from there!
KAGURA: We don't need that.
GINTOKI: Reminisce about other things!
SHINPACHI: But when I try to look back on GinTama\Nand take a look at the list of titles...
KAGURA: That's right.
KAGURA: The episode I first appeared in was
KAGURA: Watch Out! Weekly Shonen Jump Sometimes\NComes Out on Saturdays!
KAGURA: What's that supposed to mean?
GINTOKI: Oh well. Then let's decide\Non a theme and reminisce.
GINTOKI: or the top ten battles where\NGin-san looked cool.
KAGURA: Then why don't we do the top\Nten episodes that received
KAGURA: the most complaints from the viewers?
SHINPACHI: We can't do that!
GINTOKI: Oh yeah. Why don't we say that we're going\Nto reveal all of the unaired scenes
GINTOKI: and air them without the bleeps?
SHINPACHI: We'll be immediately cancelled!
GINTOKI: because there isn't a continuous storyline and\Nthe main character doesn't have a goal.
For example: [Note: Parody of Dragon Ball and ONE PIECE.]
For example: or trying to become the pirate king...
SHINPACHI: We did that a month ago.
GINTOKI: Oh...
SHINPACHI: Don't say "Oh." What are we going\Nto do? This is not even a recap.
GINTOKI: Really?!
GINTOKI: What?!
HIJIKATA: This is an official police bust!!
GINTOKI: What's your problem?
HIJIKATA: I didn't mean to say "mayo"! What\Nin the world were you doing?!
HIJIKATA: Stop with the "mayo"!
SHINPACHI: so we thought we'd drum up some interest\Nby looking back on our past episodes.
KAGURA: we won't last six months.
HIJIKATA: He's finally exposed himself...
YAMAZAKI: Yes!
YAMAZAKI: Sir!
HIJIKATA: even the hero of the Amanto\Nwar is just another criminal.
HIJIKATA: It takes real guts to still be fighting\Nthe Amanto these days.
HIJIKATA: I'm surprised that you could sleep\Nthrough that explosion.
OKITA: Explosion? Did you let the\Nterrorists attack again?
HIJIKATA: You wanna sleep permanently?
HIJIKATA: They can blow up all the\NAmanto for all I care.
HIJIKATA: It'll be a proud moment for the Shinsengumi.\NI'm looking forward to this fight.
HIJIKATA: Ahem...
KAGURA: No one wants to see that.\NOur ratings will drop.
KONDO: but I was cool when I first appeared.
KONDO: There's no way a girl would\Ngo out with me.
KONDO: I'm no good.
KONDO: Then let me ask you this...\NIf your boyfriend's...
KONDO: Butt-butt-butt-but will you marry me!
OTAE: Huh?!
KONDO: Otae-san!! Marry me!!
KONDO: I'm not the kind of man who takes\N"No" for an answer twice!
KONDO: My mom says women find more happiness\Nin being loved than in loving someone!
KONDO: Otae-san!
KONDO: Otae-san!!
KONDO: Right?! Right?!
KONDO: Otae-san!
OTAE: You've been nothing but a pathetic stalker-gorilla\Nsince you first appeared!
OKITA: In order to avenge Kondo-san...
GINTOKI: What's the big idea?!
HIJIKATA: He built the Shinsengumi up from\Nnothing with just one sword.
HIJIKATA: He's my brother-in-arms!
HIJIKATA: ...shall taste
HIJIKATA: his blood!
HIJIKATA: Got him!
HIJIKATA: What?!
 HIJIKAT: (mono)Parried! He got me.
HIJIKATA: Stop talking like that! It's annoying!
KAGURA: Gin-chan really does steal\Nthe cool scenes.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Did something happen?
KONDO: Oh! That episode where Otae-san\Nand I were united!
OTAE: There is no such episode.
GINTOKI: There was an episode where the\NOdd Jobs had a full-scale battle!
GINTOKI: Sorry for barging in on a family outing.
OTAE: That's all right.
OTAE: It wouldn't be any fun viewing the cherry\Nblossoms with just the two of us.
OTAE: the three of us used to party like\Ncrazy under the cherry trees.
GINTOKI: What the heck is this-a sculpture?
OTAE: I can only make omelets.
GINTOKI: This isn't an omelet. This is a burnt egg.
SHINPACHI: You don't need to convince\Nyourself to eat it!!
KONDO: You guys really are pitiful.
OTAE: What rock did you crawl out from under?!
GINTOKI: Maybe you should talk\Nto the town magistrate.
GINTOKI: It's the end of the world...
HIJIKATA: Sorry about that...
GINTOKI: Uh-oh. What do all you\Nugly guys want with us?
GINTOKI: Are you hunting for mushrooms?
HIJIKATA: Move out of our spot.
HIJIKATA: That's a special spot the Shinsengumi
HIJIKATA: uses for cherry blossom\Nviewing every year.
GINTOKI: What kind of excuse is that?
HIJIKATA: It's not the same! The cherry blossoms\Nlook extra special from there!
UNIT MEMBER B: I don't mind if we sit on\Nthe asphalt or wherever.
HIJIKATA: Shut up!! I actually couldn't\Ncare less either.
HIJIKATA: But I don't like the fact that we have\Nto move because of this jerk!
HIJIKATA: Where did he go?
OKITA: He's playing badminton.
HIJIKATA: Yamazaki!!
OTAE: Bring a dozen cartons of Bagen-Dash.
KAGURA: Bring some fried chicken.
HIJIKATA: It looks like we're destined\Nto do this every year.
HIJIKATA: I'm going to pay you back\Nfor what you did last time!
OKITA: Hold it!
OKITA: We can't have you guys sword\Nfighting out in the open
OKITA: with innocent civilians nearby.
OKITA: Let's settle this in a Cherry\NBlossom spirit.
ALL: That has nothing to do with\Ncherry blossom viewing!!
OKITA: Let me explain. In Mallet and\NHelmet rock paper scissors...
YAMAZAKI: Umm... This challenge\Nwill be decided by...
YAMAZAKI: three representatives from each side.
YAMAZAKI: The winner wins the right to view cherry\Nblossoms from here and gets Otae-san.
SHINPACHI: We don't gain anything\Nby winning or losing.
YAMAZAKI: Then we'll give you a Shinsengumi sausage.
YAMAZAKI: It was in the headquarters' refrigerator.
KAGURA: All right.
SHINPACHI: Idiots!! You guys are total idiots!!
YAMAZAKI: Let's begin the first round!\NChief Kondo versus Otae!
OTAE: That man keeps popping up no matter\Nhow many times I crush him.
OTAE: I'm sick of it...
 SHINPAC: (mono)This is bad. That look in her eyes...
YAMAZAKI: Well then...
KONDO: Scissors!!
KONDO: Huh?
KONDO: Huh? Huh?
OTAE: Use me as an instrument\Nof divine judgment!!
 ALL (mo: (mono)That's not in...the rules.
UNIT MEMBERS: Chief!
UNIT MEMBERS: We're very sorry.
SHINPACHI: I'm used to it.
YAMAZAKI: so the first round is a draw.
YAMAZAKI: both contestants please try to\Nat least follow the rules...
PEOPLE: Whoa!
UNIT MEMBER A: They've already started!
UNIT MEMBER B: They're fast!! They're super fast!!
UNIT MEMBER C: They're so fast it looks like they both\Nhave a hammer and a helmet.
HIJIKATA: Oh? She's evenly matched\Nagainst Sogo?
HIJIKATA: Who is that girl?
GINTOKI: Evenly matched?
GINTOKI: You think a human can\Nstand up to Kagura?
SHINPACHI: You sound ridiculous-like little kids\Nbragging "my daddy is a pilot"!!
SHINPACHI: Never mind that. Did you guys\Nstart drinking already?!
HIJIKATA: Bring it on.
YAMAZAKI: Wow. The battle on this side\Nhas become ever fiercer.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Wait a minute...
UNIT MEMBER A: Both of them are clearly\Nwearing a helmet.
UNIT MEMBER A: And they don't have hammers.
UNIT MEMBER B: They're not even playing\Nrock paper scissors.
UNIT MEMBERS: They're just beating the\Ncrap out of each other!!
SHINPACHI: I told you to follow the rules!!
YAMAZAKI: This is so out of control.
SHINPACHI: Oh well. We have to decide\Nthis with the final showdown.
SHINPACHI: Hey! What are you doing?\NYou two can't fight like this!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. I can still do\Nthis. Let's settle this...
GINTOKI: It would be boring to settle\Nthings normally.
GINTOKI: Why don't we play some\N"Cut and Parry-style
GINTOKI: rock-paper scissors" using real swords?
GINTOKI: Bring it on is all you've been saying.
YAMAZAKI: Huh?
SHINPACHI: You shouldn't have given him a sword.
YAMAZAKI: Huh?! But...
GINTOKI: Let's do this!
HIJIKATA: Ready?
HIJIKATA: Cut and parry-style rock paper...
HIJIKATA: Scissors!!
GINTOKI: I win!!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. I used the back of my sword.
HIJIKATA: Hey you! You throw "rock" every time!
HIJIKATA: Are you trying to make a fool of me?!
GINTOKI: What's wrong? You aren't\Nsaying anything.
YAMAZAKI: We both have pretty strange bosses.
SHINPACHI: Yeah...
 SHINPAC: (mono)This is the most fun I've had\Nviewing cherry blossoms
 SHINPAC: (mono)since you passed away.
OMITTEDGINTOKI: Huh? Where am I?
GINTOKI: Will the producer have to\Nwrite another apology?
KAGURA: It's all right. This happens\Na lot with [bleep] as well.
KAGURA: [Note: Bleep covers Code Geass.]
KAGURA: It's Sunrise's usual problematic pattern.
KAGURA: We might extend into our fourth year!
GINTOKI/ SHINPACHI: That won't happen.
 Name:  Text
SHINEITAI: Urya oi urya oi urya oi
SHINEITAI: Urya oi urya oi urya oi
SHNEITAI: Urya oi urya oi urya oi
SHINEITAI: Ru ru ru ru rurururu!
SONG: I have a mole in the small of my back
SHINEITAI: Sei sei sei sei seiken koutai
SHINEITAI: Ji ji ji ji ji!
SHINETAI: Hoo hoo hoo hoo
SHINEITAI: Hoo hoo hoo hoo
SHINEITAI: Buchi!
SHINEITAI: And you call yourself human?
SHINEITAI: And you call yourself human?
SHINEITAI: What the [bleep] is yo' mama?!
TAKACHIN: No good. You're not in sync. And\Nwhat happened to your voices?
TAKACHIN: Maybe you've gotten lazy just because\NOtsu's become a national idol?!
TAKACHIN: There's no doubt we're not the\Nonly ones rooting for Otsu.
TAKACHIN: We are the pillars of support\Nfor Tsu Terakado!
TAKACHIN: Let's put more pride into our routine!
SHINEITAI: R-Right!
TAKACHIN: What?! He's a sergeant and\Nhe's emailing a friend?!
TAKASHIN: Get this! Email is the devil's tool!
GIRL: Is it okay if I call you "Brother"?
TAKACHIN: B-B-Blog?!
TAKACHIN: you had an argument with so-and-so;\Nthat guy is such a pest;
TAKACHIN: I dread tomorrow's test.
TAKACHIN: Huh? Well?! nixi?!
TAKACHIN: Like it's a great miracle or something?!
TAKACHIN: And the girl's probably some ugly hoe whose\Npicture has been totally retouched.
TAKACHIN: Huh?
TAKACHIN: G-Girl's division?
TAKACHIN: Our happiness is Otsu-chan's?
SERGEANT: C-Captain!
SHINPACHI: Sergeant! Recite Article 23 of the\NTsu Terakado Fan Club Bylaws!
SERGEANT: Anyone breaking this rule will\Nbe deemed a spy." Sir!
SHINPACHI: Yet you broke this rule!
SHINPACHI: Thus...!
SHINPACHI: You are sentenced to
SHINPACHI: the Nose Hook Destroyer Final Dream!
SHINPACHI: Hey!
SOLDIER A: Yes...
SHINPACHI: Show me all your cell phones.
SHINEITAI C: I wouldn't email a girl!
SHINEITAI A: I don't need this!
SHINPACHI: Right! Quit emailing girls\Nand acting like wimps!
SHINEITAI: Right!
SHINPACHI: Who cares about emails! Correspondence!\NQuit acting so soft!
SHINEITAI: Right!
SHINPACHI: If you're men... if you're men...
SHINEITAI: Right!
SHINEITAI: Otsu-chan! We love you!
SHINPACHI: That's right. That's being men!
SHINPACHI: The written word cannot\Nconvey our feelings!
SHINPACHI: Written messages are crap!
SHINPACHI: What's this?
SHINPACHI: Did it wash up with the waves?
SHINPACHI: There's something inside.
SISTER: Will you correspond with me?
SHINPACHI: Correspond... Correspond...
SHINPACHI: Damn it! Thank you! Thank you so much!
SHINPACHI: [Note: Parody of Sanji's line to "Red\NFoot" Zeff in ONE PIECE.]
GINTOKI: Huh? Shinpachi is acting funny?
OTAE: And he doesn't sleep 'til morning...and\Nseems intent on writing something?
GINTOKI: Intent on writing?
OTAE: Yes. There are crumpled\Nballs of paper on the floor
OTAE: and I just don't know what he's doing.
OTAE: What is he writing so late at night?
OTAE: Can you go see what's up with him?
GINTOKI: Just leave him alone.
OTAE: She's right. Becoming\Nindependent is fine.
SHINPACHI: Hmm... How should I start this?
SHINPACHI: Writing a letter to a total stranger...
SHINPACHI: I don't know anything about her.
SHINPACHI: All I do know is...
SISTER: Do you believe in destiny?
SHINPACHI: Heh...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
SHINPACHI: Yes! Gin-san! You're here?!
SHINPACHI: Huh? What're you saying?
GINTOKI: One more thing
GINTOKI: make sure you wash your hands.
SHINPACHI: Get your mind out of the gutter!
SHINPACHI: What are you thinking? You're totally\Nmistaken. I'm not like that!
SHINPACHI: And why're you acting nicer than\Nusual? It gives me the creeps!
GINTOKI: Huh?! You're not?
GINTOKI: You're not into this stuff?
GINTOKI: Sorry you had to come for\Nnothing. You can go.
SHINPACHI: Hey! What's the big idea?
SHINPACHI: What did you think I was\Ndoing in my room?!
SHINPACHI: Where'd you find them anyway?!
GINTOKI: Wanna use it?
SHINPACHI: For what?!
GINTOKI: Writing? Then you've been\Nwriting letters at night?
SHINPACHI: Please don't tell my sister.
GINTOKI: Uncomfortable? Why? Are you thinking\Nof doing something bad?
SHINPACHI: No way! That's exactly the kind\Nof conclusion I don't want.
GINTOKI: Know her how?
SHINPACHI: It's friendship! Friendship!
GINTOKI: That's not true.
GINTOKI: Your sister is pretty understanding\Nabout things like that.
OTAE: Shin-chan.
SHINPACHI: Sister?!
OTAE: Here...
OTAE: This is...stringy konjac root.
SHINPACHI: Huh?
GINTOKI: You see? She's very understanding.
SHINPACHI: What the hell is she thinking?!
SHINPACHI: Just what did you tell my sister?!
SHINPACHI: What's this lotion doing with the tea?!
SHINPACHI: And why does this konjac\Nroot have a hole in it?!
SHINPACHI: It's not great! I'd rather have\Nher find out about the letters!
KAGURA: This has such a grown-up taste.
OTAE: There's lots more if you want seconds.
GINTOKI: And? Just what did you write\Nanyway? Let's see.
SHINPACHI: Never mind! Stop!
GINTOKI: How do you do? I read your\Nletter. Isn't it strange?
Dialogue: 0,0:14:32.67,0:14:36.10,Main03,GINTOKI,0000,0000,0000,,It crossed a vast ocean and reached me
SHINPACHI: So what?! What's the use of putting\Non a pretense? It's a letter.
GINTOKI: You have to show off.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Show off?
GINTOKI: hoping to find a random pen-pal.
GINTOKI: And this brief message.
GINTOKI: Unconventional women like\Nher get bored quickly.
GINTOKI: She won't read more than\Nthree sentences.
SHINPACHI: I guess my letter is too long\Nand doesn't get to the point.
GINTOKI: you need to say something\Nabout yourself.
SHINPACHI: But can I really introduce myself\Nin only three sentences?
GINTOKI: Sure you can. Just keep it simple\Nand easy to understand.
GINTOKI: How's this?
SHINPACHI: That tankobon?!
SHINPACHI: This is the back cover of a graphic\Nnovel! I've seen it before!
SHINPACHI: Why is the writer's most recent photogragh\Nonly of his glasses?!
GINTOKI: of the creators in their New Year's issue.
GINTOKI: And that's the reason why.
SHINPACHI: And the photo and the sentence\Nonly focuses on my glasses.
GINTOKI: but there were only your glasses\Nthat were out of the ordinary.
SHINPACHI: Out of the ordinary?!
SHINPACHI: Am I such a sorry human being?!
SHINPACHI: What's deep about only saying\Nthat I've changed glasses?!
SHINPACHI: You just broke it up!
SHINPACHI: There's not even a millimeter\Nmore in substance!
SHINPACHI: All it says is that I bought new glasses.
GINTOKI: Only someone clueless to the\Nsituation would say that.
GINTOKI: A little acting is necessary here.
SHINPACHI: Three sentences!
GINTOKI: How's this?
SHINPACHI: That's like an insert in the Table\Nof Contents in JUMP!
SHINPACHI: It's straight from the magazine!
SHINPACHI: Why's it like a Valentine's greeting?
SHINPACHI: What's this about "so\Nmany glasses"?!
GINTOKI: That doesn't mean staff. It stands\Nfor S as in Shinpachi.
SHINPACHI: Shut up! Only Shinpachi wears glasses!\NNothing's been changed!
GINTOKI: What is it about this letter\Nthat captured you?
GINTOKI: Yes. It's not the unconventional way\Nit was sent nor the brief message.
SHINPACHI: Uh...
GINTOKI: So you see?
GINTOKI: What you see!
SHINPACHI: I can't argue with that.
SHINPACHI: Soul?
GINTOKI: Take heart. You have a good soul.
SHINPACHI: Gin-san...
SHINPACHI: What do you think of\Nsomething like this?!
GINTOKI: A little more to the left.
SHINPACHI: Photograph me! Shinpachi-kun is right here!
GINTOKI: Assault Buster!
GINTOKI: You're wrong.
SHINAPCHI: You're saying I only make up 5%?!
SHINPACHI: Put them on me!
GINTOKI: But there's just something missing.
SHINPACHI: Damn right! They're not on me!
GINTOKI: Isn't there a better scenario?
GINTOKI: Not this. Not this either.
GINTOKI: All right! This is it!
OKITA: Is Kondo-san here?
SHINPACHI: That's a different person!!
SHINPACHI: That's not Shinpachi. What?\NShould I just die?
URARA: Sister! Look! Look! Really!
SISTER: This can't be happening. Someone\Nreally picked up the letter.
URARA: Let me see! Let me see!!
SISTER: I received your letter. I'm looking forward\Nto our correspondence from now on.
SISTER: My name is
Dialogue: 0,0:21:37.88,0:21:39.71,Main03,SISTER,0000,0000,0000,,Shinpachi Shimura.
OKITA: That's not happening.
HIJIKATA: Please come back and do your work.
KONDO: All of you?!  How cruel!!
SHINPACHI: The next episode... "Sometimes\NYou Must Meet to Understand."
SHINPACHI: Uh... it seems we still have\Nanother minute left.
KAGURA: We're on a mission here. A mission.
SHINPACHI: A mission?
KAGURA: Yelled "You didn't spend any\Nmoney on this episode at all!
KAGURA: We'll lower your production budget!!"
GINTOKI: Costs went over-budget and\Nneed to be paid immediately.
GINTOKI: We're actually losing money\Ncreating those episodes.
KAGURA: It's not fair.
GINTOKI: So! What if we show one\Nminute of background with
GINTOKI: only audio after the actual\Nepisode every week.
GINTOKI: I knew it wouldn't work.
KAGURA: And time's up as we speak.
 Name:  Text
URARA: What's with this pose!
URARA: But he's pretty cute.
SISTER: Urara... I have to apologize to you.
URARA: What? My picture? Why?
SISTER: Because you're so cute.
SISTER: I'm so sorry!
URARA: Why'd you do such a thing? Why\Ndidn't you include your own photo?
SISTER: I couldn't! No one would take me seriously.
SISTER: The reply came all because of your picture.
SHINPACHI: The most negative keyword\Nis still being used!
SHINPACHI: What's this "turned on\Nevery day and night"?!
GINTOKI: I get turned on during the weekends.
SHINPACHI: Forget...
SHINPACHI: You... Urara ...
SHINPACHI: What is your life like?
SISTER: It's all right. Please leave it open.
 SIST: (M)She has been sickly since she was a child
 SIST: (M)she gazes out at the ocean\Ntowards far off lands.
 SIST: (M)She's unable to cast off the shell\Nshe has built around herself.
 SIST: (M)What do you think about a sister like that?
SHINPACHI: She didn't write a thing about herself.
GINTOKI: Didn't I tell you? To leave out\Nwriting about your sister?
GINTOKI: What's the use of exchanging\Nnotes about your sisters?!
GINTOKI: Get the subject back to yourself!
KONDO: But you can't just change the subject.
KONDO: This is her dear older sister.
SHINPACHI: So how would I follow up?
HIJIKATA: You slack off from work\Nand go roaming around.
HIJIKATA: Can you put yourself in my place\Ntrying to follow-up for you?
KONDO: He handles all the problem kids and\Nfollows up with them every day.
HIJIKATA: What are you talking about?
HIJIKATA: Cut the Toshi-follow! It's Toshi{\i1}ro{\i0}!\NAnd why should I?
HIJIKATA: Get your names straight!\NNothing makes sense!
SHINPACHI: Type bleep?
HIJIKATA: Type bleep women are willful\Nand never listen to others.
HIJIKATA: This really needs to be handled properly.
GINTOKI: So what? You got something\Nagainst Type bleep women?
HIJIKATA: No!
HIJIKATA: Never mind that!
SHINPACHI: It's different with someone\Nwho's popular with women.
HIJIKATA: Stop calling me by all\Nthose different names!
KONDO: Type piip might get caught\Nin a sudden shower.
KONDO: Don't forget your umbrellas\Nwhen you go out.
GINITOKI: That's a cinch. Just leave it to me.
GINTOKI NARRATION: It pains my heart to think about your sister.
GINTOKI NARRATION: But I'm sure your sister understands\Nyour concerns.
SHINPACHI: That's not natural!
SHINPACHI: What kind of subject are\Nyou trying to introduce?!
SHINPACHI: Even a caveman knows\Nhow to be more delicate!
SHINPACHI: You can return by yourself.\NAnd never come back!
KONDO: This is ridiculous! There's no follow-up!
KONDO: It's so flimsy! You're not thinking\Nseriously about the sister here.
KONDO NARRATION: When I think about your sister...
NARRATION: I get turned on.
SHINPACHI: There's no distinction with that!
SHINPACHI: That's not a follow-up. You're\Nonly thinking about my sister!
SHINPACHI: Even an amoeba can do better than that!
KONDO: Everyone gets gooey in love.
SHINPACHI: It's the inside of your head that's gooey!
SHINPACHI: Hijikata ...
HIJIKATA NARRATION: You seem to be very concerned\Nabout your sister.
HIJIKATA NARRATION: But I don't think you need to be.
NARRATION: Me.
XXHIJIKATA NARRATION: I will be your sister's friend.
HIJIKATA NARRATION: Please let me meet your sister.
NARRATION: want to meet you.
SHINPACHI: There's the follow-up! We followed\Nup with Urara at the end!
HIJIKATA: It's not the end. We erase this\Npart. And now it's the end!
SHINPACHI: You erased it?! The line about\Nwanting to meet her?! Why?!
KONDO: I-Is it because a youth like Shinpachi\Nwould be too shy to ask to meet her?
KONDO: You even followed up with Shinpachi!
SHINPACHI: It's perfect!
GINTOKI: It's done! So this is known as...
KONDO ET AL: the Follow-kata Toshi-follow!
HIJIKATA: Send it immediately.
SHINPACHI: Yes! Thank you!
GINTOKI: I'm not gonna thank you.
KONDO: No problem.
KONDO: Every man goes down this path.
 HIJI: (M)Oops...
 HIJI: (M)I forgot to erase the line Kondo wrote.
URARA: How creepy! This guy gets turned on?!
URARA: Sister?
SISTER: It's strange.
SISTER: As though he's someone\Nwith multiple personalities.
SISTER: I feel like I have many friends.
URARA: He's just a weirdo.
SISTER: Yet he says he wants to help me.
SISTER: That he gets turned on.
URARA: Sister! Do you even know what that\Nmeans? Getting turned on means...
SISTER: ...want to meet him.
SISTER: I...
SISTER: I want to try meeting him.
GINTOKI: This is bad. I want nothing\Nto do with it. Nothing.
KONDO: Me neither! It's Toshi. It's all Toshi's fault!
SHINPACHI: I did it! I finally did it!
SHINPACHI: Urara wants to meet me!
HIJIKATA: I'm so happy that you're concerned about\Nmy sister as though she's your own sister.
KONDO: I would love for you and my sister to meet.
SHINPACHI: I guess it's really worth trying.
SHINPACHI: Thank you so much everyone.
SHINPACHI: One should always have a senpai who\Ncan teach you about life. Really.
GINTOKI: She received a letter like that\Nand she wants to meet up.
GINTOKI: Does it mean? No way!
KONDO: Absolutely not!
SHINPACHI: Kondo! What're you doing?!
KONDO: No way! 16 years old and turned on?!
KONDO: I will not allow it. As a brother!
KONDO: When you're over 20. Get\Nturned on all you want!
KONDO: I will not allow it!
GINTOKI: What'll we do about this?
OMITTEDURARA: Sister! You can't! Not after\Nwe came all this way!
URARA: What are you saying?! You're the\None who said you want to meet him!
SISTER: I'll be satisfied if I can just get\Na glimpse of Shinpachi's face.
SISTER: B-But he thinks you're his writing partner.
URARA: You're just scared of getting involved\Nwith people. Of being hurt!
URARA: And why wouldn't you be?
URARA: So don't try to put on airs and\Nbe something you're not.
URARA: Just be natural.
URARA: You're wonderful just the way you are.
SISTER: Natural.
URARA: Yes. You get nervous because you\Ntry to be someone you're not.
 SIST: (M)Do what I feel?
 SIST: (M)Like leaving!
URARA: Sis!
OKITA: Excuse me. Are you Urara?
SHINPACHI: Why's Okita on a date\Nwith her in my place?!
GINTOKI: He'll pull it off nicely.
SHINPACHI: He doesn't have to pull it off!
SHINPACHI: I finally got a date! How come a stranger\Ngets to enjoy the best part?!
GINTOKI: He's no stranger. He's Shinpachi.
SHINPACHI: That's because you sent\Nthat complicated photo!
GINTOKI: But it's also because of this\Nphoto that she wrote back.
GINTOKI: Who says it's going to continue like this?
SHINPACHI: Huh?! Then I'm going to\Ngo out there and confess!
SHINPACHI: Actually, I'm the one\Nwho wrote the letters!
GINTOKI: There's nothing to be gained from that.
SHINPACHI: Just turtle will do.
GINTOKI: Or like Ken and the crap from his crap.
 Name:  Text
SHINPACHI: Why is Okita on a date\Nwith her in my place?!
KIRARA: Uh...um... Excuse me.
OPENINGSHINPACHI: I...I'm so sorry!
SHINPACHI: Older sister! I'm so sorry!
SHINPACHI: I didn't mean any harm.
KIRARA: I know.
KIRARA: I know...that feeling.
SHINPACHI: Older...sister?
KIRARA: I'm the one...who is the lowest.
KIRARA: It's all my fault...my fault.
SHINPACHI: You were the one who spearheaded\Nthe whole thing!
SHINPACHI: You're the one! You're the\None who sent that photo!
SHINPACHI: You were just killing time!
KIRARA: Th-That's not how it was.
KIRARA: I...I...
KIRARA: Let me help you.
GINTOKI: Huh? With what?
KIRARA: With seducing Urara.
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI/SHINPACHI: Whaaaat?!
SHINPACHI: It's all wrong!
KIRARA: Uh...that's why...
KIRARA: and you save me right\Nbefore Urara's eyes...
GINTOKI: That's a great idea.
SHINPACHI: That's not the point! It's an ethical issue!
GINTOKI: No problem.
GINTOKI: She must have her reasons after seeing\Nher younger sister happily writing letters.
OKITA: Huh?
GINTOKI: Don't do anything to Urara.
GINTOKI: At the moment everything looks hopeless
OKITA: It's all right.
OKITA: I'm escorting her around\Nlike a gentleman.
GINTOKI: What kind of escort are you?!
OKITA: There's a delicious diner around\Nhere. Want to go?
GINTOKI: Why're you speaking normally?!
GINTOKI: That's no diner!
GINTOKI: What kind of manners is that?!
KAGURA: Hmm... He's not eating again.
GINTOKI: Maybe he's just on a diet.
KAGURA: Sadaharu's not like that. He's the stoic type.
SHINPACHI: But he usually eats a lot. I'm worried.
GINTOKI: Leave him alone.
DOCTOR: It seems there's a shadow in his stomach.
KAGURA: Shadow? Is it something terrible?
KAGURA: Does he have an illness?!
DOCTOR: Calm down.
DOCTOR: He's not sick. There's a foreign object in his stomach.
KAGURA: Foreign object?
DOCTOR: Yes. Did you make Sadaharu eat anything odd?
SHINPACHI: Huh? We haven't fed him anything except basic dog food.
DOCTOR: I see.
DOCTOR: Then he probably ate something off the ground when you took him for a walk.
DOCTOR: What could this be? I can't really tell.
GINTOKI: No! Never mind!
DOCTOR: Huh? Why?
GINTOKI: We can manage!
DOCTOR: The police?
SHINPACHI: It's coming out of his mouth!
GINTOKI: Push it back in!
GINTOKI: I see.
KAGURA: Why're they so tired?
KATSURA: If it isn't Leader...
KAGURA: Huh? Zura?
KATSURA: Not Zura. Katsura.
KAGURA: Not as sick as your mind. Don't worry.
KATSURA: The X-rays showed a disturbing shadow.
KATSURA: Seems she ate something that looked like an old man off the ground during our walk.
KATSURA: So that's why she'll be having an operation to remove the old man soon.
KAGURA: Taking out the old man means the whole body.
KATSURA: It's no wonder I thought she was behaving strangely.
KATSURA: it's a good thing neither was life-threatening.
KAGURA: Yours is threatened.
KAGURA: That's true.
DOCTOR: I don't think his body can withstand any more treatment.
SABURO: I see.
DOCTOR: Is your Father's condition that bad?
DOCTOR: I see. Your father was really fond of Kintaro.
SABURO: An old man and his old dog.
SABURO: Thanks.
KAGURA: I can't fall asleep.
KAGURA: Zura?
KATSURA: Huh? No.
KATSURA: I was having a bit of trouble falling asleep.
KATSURA: Who knows?
KATSURA: I heard it from the doctor.
KATSURA: This animal is apparently a loyal dog that supported his master who lived alone for all these years.
KATSURA: it seems he just flopped down as if to say his job had ended.
KATSURA: What?
KAGURA: I've made up my mind.
KAGURA: It can't wait.
KATSURA: Have you forgotten?
KATSURA: Hope to see him? He's already lost consciousness.
KATSURA: The doctor said so himself.
KATSURA: You...you're...
KATSURA: Does it...mean that much to you?
KAGURA: the reason why he won't leave his master's side is obvious.
KAGURA: It's because he wants to stay at his master's side forever.
KAGURA: It's obviously because he doesn't want to leave.
KATSURA: I see.
KATSURA: Okay!
KINTARO: Like hell I will!
X: Earth.  Looks like quite a lovely planet.
X: I tremble with excitement when I think of sinking my fangs into such a juicy planet.
KINTARO: I've entered a mongrel that almost died in its mother's womb.
KINTARO: Idiot! I'm an idiot!
KINTARO: Even my senpai told me the real climb begins just before the summit.
KINTARO: all I could do was learn to do the front raise on a bar!
KINTARO: but just when I thought I was finally free...
KINTARO: How cruel!
KAGURA: Then the reason you desperately tried to live a long life
KINTARO: ...to conquer the Earth.
KAGURA: Excuse me.
WAITRESS: Yes?
KAGURA: Nuke this Amanto in the microwave and make a hot dog out of him.
KINTARO: Nooo!
KAGURA: I'm sick of this.
KATSURA: You've done a whole lot of evil. At least before you die...
CAT A: I've finally found you!
KATSURA: What's going on?
Z: Earth.
Z: We must never allow that to happen.
CAT A: Planet Eater... I've finally found the last one of you.
CAT A: I will...kill you for sure!
KAGURA: What's that? More strange creatures?
KINETARO: That's...
KINTARO: The Planet Pukers!
CAT A: Charge!
ICHIRO: I see. Poor Kintaro.
SABURO: Not to worry. They'll meet again in the afterlife.
SABURO: You guys are stressing too much.
JIRO: Are you sure you'll be okay?
SABURO: Alrighty.
KAGURA: This isn't getting anywhere.
KATSURA: What are they? Why're they attacking us?
KINTARO: Planet Pukers...
KINTARO: They're parasites that drive out Planet Eaters like me and protect planets.
KATSURA: I had no idea.
KATSURA: What should I do?
CAT B: We're strays!
CAT C: Planet Eater! You came to conquer Earth.
KINTARO: What's the idea of getting them riled up?
KINTARO: What're you so happy about?!
KATSURA: We have no choice.
KATSURA: I don't want to see cuddly balls of flesh fighting among themselves.
KATSURA: I have discovered Bushido in a death surrounded by cuddly balls of flesh!
 KATS: (M)With your cuddly balls of flesh...at me...
KINTARO: They ignored him!
SABURO: Good grief...
SABURO: My body's not gonna last if this keeps on.
OLD MAN: Time for my walk.
GROUP: Tell me! Ginpachi Sensei!
GINPACHI: It's a question from Amachi Hideaki of Tokyo.
GINPACHI: It's the one where the voice actress of Kagura said
GINPACHI: Who is this cute girl who appears in the ending?
GINTOKI: Don't bother. It'll end next week.
KATSURA: What?!
KAGURA: The next episode:
KAGURA: Cat Lovers and Dog Lovers Are Mutually Exclusive
KINTARO: What's he doing?!
KAGURA: You'll just have to be the bait.
KINTARO: What good will that do?!
KINTARO: You're...the Puke Shogun!
KINTARO: Let go!
GEROU: The curse of the balls of flesh will be broken today!
KINTARO: I cannot die. I cannot...die yet!
OMITTEDGEROU: It was karma that made you inhabit a smelly dog!
KINTARO: Candlelight Last Sparking!
KAGURA: Looked like an ordinary flip to me.
KINTARO: It's the Candlelight Last Sparking!
KINTARO: Never thought it would come in handy.
KATSURA: This may seem like a strange question...
NURSE: I don't know. What do you mean by little leader?
KATSURA: Strange. Maybe the leader isn't here yet.
KATSURA: Could they have been caught by the balls of flesh?
JIRO: Nope.
SABURO: Who'd think someone so sick could get up?!
JIRO: Damn it! Where the hell would he have gone in that condition?
JIRO: that he has gone to find Kintaro?!
ICHIRO: That's impossible... Not in that condition.
GINTOKI: 'Scuse me. Someone called me.
ICHIRO: Mr. Odd Jobs!
GINTOKI: Hey there.
GINTOKI: Huh? The master of a parasitic alien?
KATSURA: Yeah.
KATSURA: I heard he was on his deathbed and never imagined he would leave the hospital.
SHINPACHI: And where's Kagura?
KATSURA: Oh right! The leader's being pursued by a parasitic alien and is in danger.
GINTOKI: What?! Is that true?
GINTOKI: All right! Let's split up members.
 KATSURA (high: (high pitch)Don't be a burden now.
KAGURA: There are cats everywhere.
KAGURA: I can't tell which ones are real cats and which ones are those aliens.
KINTARO: Damn it!
KAGURA: Since when did you have that setting?
KINTARO: Look what you did.
KAGURA: Five is plenty in order to see the old man.
KINTARO: Where're you taking the light from?!
KINTARO: What fool uses someone's life candle for lighting purposes?!
KINTARO: Give me...? You can do such a thing?
KAGURA: Here. How's that?
KAGURA: That's my way of life.
KINTARO: Who cares about your way of life! You're melting the candle next to it!
KINTARO: Who extinguishes it like that?!
KINTARO: Intend to die? It's mostly you guys who're killing me.
KINTARO: I'm not gonna see the old man. I can't let him see me like this.
KAGURA: You're that adamant about not seeing your master?
KINTARO: Yes.
KAGURA: but you were also able to survive to this day because of him.
KAGURA: What's wrong with seeing him just one more time?
KINTARO: You damn brat...
KINTARO: That old man... he's not like that.
KINTARO: We came to this park often together.
KINTARO: We may've looked extremely close.
KINTARO: No one could have imagined that we both wished the other would "Die!"
OLD MAN: Die!
KINTARO: That's what the old man always said.
OLD MAN: Damn you! Die!
OLD MAN: Get outta here!
KINTARO: I don't know if that was the reason.
OLD MAN: You're a stubborn one too. Hurry up and die.
OLD MAN: Kintaro...
OLD MAN: The old lady is gone and so are all my friends.
OLD MAN: You're the only one left.
OLD MAN: and continue living alone?
OLD MAN: I don't want them to see my dying face.
KINTARO: I waited for the old man to die so I could conquer Earth.
KINTARO: We never showed each other our weaknesses.
KINTARO: but we kept our pride and ran.
KINTARO: There wasn't a shred of feeling support for one another.
KINTARO: That's how we are.
KINTARO: The old man is no different from me.
KINTARO: And you think the old man would be happy to see me?
KINTARO: Leaving him alone is the best thing.
KINTARO: I wish he'd hurry up and die!
KAGURA: What is that?
KINTARO: O-Old...
KINTARO: ...man!
KINTARO: Old man!
KINTARO: Wh-What are you doing here?! You're supposed to be on your deathbed.
KAGURA: He's holding something.
KINTARO: A leash?
KINTARO: No way!
KINTARO: A walk? He thinks he's taking a walk?!
KINTARO: he's taking a walk...with me?!
OLD MAN: Kintaro... I won't lose.
OLD MAN: I still have...
KINTARO: O-Old man...why'd you come here?
 KINT: (M)Enough already. I've had enough!
KAGURA: Wait! Watch out!
CAT A: You can't escape now.
CAT A: You are an evil presence.
CAT A: We will erase each and every one of you...
CAT A: ...from the universe!
KINTARO: Y-You!
KAGURA: Hurry!
KAGURA: Hurry and go!
KAGURA: How long must he walk alone?!
KAGURA: I'm not telling you to say good-bye.
KAGURA: Go tell him to die.
KAGURA: Curse and rant at him until the very end.
KAGURA: Stay and fight with him.
KAGURA: Stay and die with him!
KAGURA: And that'll do...for you two.
KAGURA: That's what you two are.
GEROU: You're still going to get in our way?!
GEROU: This one is trying to destroy this planet!
KAGURA: I don't care what you do to stop the conquest of Earth.
KAGURA: That's the time to eat and the time to take a walk!
CAT B: Shogun! Our offensive isn't working at all!
GEROU: What's with that girl's fighting strength?!
GEROU: Summon Omega!
CAT D: Omega?! It's too dangerous!
GEROU: This is no time to be saying that!
GEROU: That's the risk we must take in order to stop this new menace!
GEROU: It's over for you guys!
GEROU: Omega! Burn everything in sight!
KINTARO: The candles. Two of my life candles have been broken!
 KINT: (M)What the hell is she doing?!
KAGURA: Go! Hurry!
 KINT: (M)A walk?! Is she crazy?
 KINT: (M)I'm way past being able to do that!
 KINT: (M)I-I can't even stand.
KINTARO: Old man!
OLD MAN: Old geezers should hurry and die!
 KINT: (M)I've still got it. I'll never lose to an old geezer like you!
 KINT: (M)Same goes for you.
OLD MAN: What a stubborn dog.
 KINT: (M)Damn old buzzard! Die!
 KINT: (M)Please...
OLD MAN: Die!
OLD WOMAN: And I'm saying that's a mean thing to say!
OLD MAN: That's not mean at all!
OLD MAN: I don't have the confidence to live long enough until he's old and dies.
OLD WOMAN: I'm here.
OLD MAN: There's no way I'll die before you!
OLD WOMAN: I'm ten years younger than you.
OLD MAN: You can never depend on a woman.
OLD MAN: I can't be a surrogate mom or brother to you. But I can be your buddy.
OLD MAN: Don't die before your friend.
OLD MAN: and you go and die and make them all sad.
OLD MAN: So rest assured. You'll never need to cry because you're all alone.
 KINT: (M)That's enough...
 KINT: (M)Stop...please.
 KINT: (M)Hurry and die...
 KINT: (M)I don't want to see... I don't want to see you...
 KINT: (M)hanging in there and suffering.
 KINT: (M)I don't want to see it anymore!
GEROU: Then we will be released from this body of flesh.
GEROU: It's our victo--!
GEROU: Huh? Huh? Huh?!
GEROU: I can't fire! Huh? Huh?!
GEROU: Huh?!
SHINPACHI: I think you did.
 KINT: (M)Why'd he come here? Was it just to suffer?
 KINT: (M)I can't die before you die.
 KINT: (M)I've wanted to be your buddy.
 KINT: (M)So I can't make you cry!
 KINT: (M)Please die!
 KINT: (M)Die! You old bastard!
OLD MAN: K-Kintaro...
OLD MAN: I win.
OLD MAN: Because you...made your buddy cry.
OLD MAN: Th-Thanks...
OLD MAN: Buddy...
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: Fights Often Ensue During Trips
OTOSE: Don't worry. The one thing I can guarantee is that they're a lively bunch.
OKAMI: since the old days.
PAST OKAMI: We have to do our best every day so that our customers are satisfied.
PAST OKAMI: It will all be okay.
REI: Okay!
 HUSBAND (TA: (TAGOSAKU)It's a promise.
 HUSBAND (TA: (TAGOSAKU)I'll protect this inn...and you.
SHINPACHI: We're pretty deep in the mountains.
OTAE: The hot springs are all booked up during this time of year.
OTOSE: Go spend some time relaxing in the baths for a change.
GINTOKI: I have a bad feeling about this.
OTAE: I wonder if we took the wrong road.
OTAE: There's just this dilapidated old building.
SHINPACHI: That's strange. It's supposed to be right here.
SHINPACHI: Huh? This sign?
SHINPACHI: Doesn't it say Senbokyo?
GINTOKI: Are you kidding?! We're supposed to stay in this rundown inn?
GINTOKI: It's really creepy. Why are there so many crows flying around?
SHINPACHI: Never mind.
GINTOKI: Excuse me! Mrs. Terada from Edo referred us here.
GINTOKI: Excuse me!
GINTOKI: Maybe she can't hear.
GINTOKI: That hurts!
SHINPACHI: G-Gin ... That person...
SHINPACHI: there are...no footprints.
GINTOKI: Wh-Wh-What's going on?!
GINTOKI: Was that a ghost? Huh? A ghost?!
SHINPACHI: there's so much snow that it freezes over and you don't leave footprints.
SHINPACHI: She didn't hear your voice and...
GINTOKI: What? Are you scared? Don't tell me you're scared?!
SHINPACHI: You're the one who wants to go home!
SHINPACHI: there's only one bus that passes through this place each day.
SHINPACHI: We have no choice but to spend the night.
GINTOKI: Let's stop this already.
SHINPACHI: You're right. It's our imagination.
GINTOKI: I don't know why you're apologizing.
KAGURA: Gin! We found the Okami!
SHINPACHI: There's nothing wrong with this place.
OKAMI: I'm so sorry.
OKAMI: You arrived already? Thank you for coming so far.
OKAMI: I'm sorry I was late to welcome you.
 SHIN: (M)There's definitely someone behind you.
 SHIN: (M)Someone who's semi-transparent!
 GINT: (M)Hey! What is that?!
 SHIN: (M)That's what I'd like to think!
 SHIN: (M)But it's semi-transparent! It's really semi-transparent!
 SHIN: (M)But it's strange. Sister and Kagura aren't reacting at all!
KAGURA: {\i1}The place isn't so bad. This is my first time at a Hot Springs.
Kagura: {\i1}I'm going to get my skin all smooth!
 SHIN: (M)They don't see it. We're the only ones!
 SHIN: (M)I didn't believe in spirits...
 SHIN: (M)But that is a ghost! The Okami is totally possessed by a spirit!
 SHIN: (M)Isn't this hot spring inn like super dangerous?!
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous!
GINTOKI: No way. Absolutely not.
GINTOKI: I will not acknowledge that! I absolutely refuse to believe that!
SHINPACHI: Then how do you explain that thing on the Okami?
GINTOKI: Well... I thought it couldn't be...
GINTOKI: is a  Stand User.
SHINPACHI: [No way!]
SHINPACHI: Hold on! Since when did we become Stand users?!
GINTOKI: I usually hide it. But you always show your Stand.
GINTOKI: That thing hanging on your ear!
SHINPACHI: That's just a spectacles user!
SHINPACHI: He's pissing me off. This guy is so pissing me off.
SHINPACHI: Huh? The spirit is gone.
GINTOKI: It wasn't a spirit. That was a Stand!
SHINPACHI: Are you saying that we were so scared that we saw something that really wasn't there?
GINTOKI: You're right. It was just an illusion.
GINTOKI: We'd better shape up. We're samurai. How shameful!
SHINPACHI: Yes. We can't get lackadaisical just because we've come to a hot springs inn.
OKAMI: The rooms are quite small.
KAGURA: You have western-style rooms?
OTAE: Sleeping on a bed would be nice for a change.
GINTOKI: Japanese style!
OKAMI: ...in this room.
 GINT: (M)The room is sealed!
 GINT: (M)What's going on?! Just what happened inside this room?!
 SHIN: (M)This is bad. There is something definitely strange about this inn!
OKAMI: The young ladies are over this way.
OKAMI: Huh?! But you're samurai.
OKAMI: But the ladies took that room.
SHINPACHI: Design? This is the design?!
SHINPACHI: Rock?! This is punk rock?
OKAMI: And these things were all the rage back then. Even I was young at one time.
GINTOKI: It's not "rock." It's something different. More like "lock."
OKAMI: You have 40 seconds to get ready!
GINTOKI: What? What is this?
OKAMI: Looks like Otose has sent over someone quite spirited.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What job are you talking about?
OKAMI: Your name is the chain that links you to your body.
GINTOKI: I've already been dragged into a strange world.
GINTOKI: What is this? A different anime?
GINTOKI: Don't talk to me so casually! What are you?!
REI: I'm Rei. Don't get in my way.
GINTOKI: Don't talk about spirits. You're a Stand!
REI: Can you really handle this?
GINTOKI: With Stands? What do you mean?
GINTOKI: The old hag?
REI: Yes.
REI: Ghost...Stands come here for the hot springs.
REI: She was testing to see whether you could handle working at this Stand hot spring.
REI: Gin...you were chosen.
 GINTOKI: (mono)A s-s-s-s-s-Stand hot-spring?!
REI: Yes.
 GINTOKI: (mono)That old hag!
 GINTOKI: (mono)I thought that it was strange for her to let us go to a hot spring. She sold me out!
 GINTOKI: (mono)To a Stand hot spring!
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: I have an aptitude for Stands?!
GINTOKI: That's impossible!
GINTOKI: I almost took a crap three times just talking to you.
REI: You don't understand.
REI: The fact that you're talking to me shows that you have an aptitude.
GINTOKI: No way. I don't care!
GINTOKI: Why do I have to be manipulated by those old hags? I'm going home!
REI: To where?
REI: We closed off the mountain path by dropping a boulder on it.
SHINPACHI: I myself have "UNO."
REI: Your friends will have to play UNO forever as "His Excellency."
GINTOKI: Y-You bastards!
GINTOKI: Another one!
REI: Get used to it already.
GINTOKI: What is that? Who is that Stand?
GINTOKI: He's just been hitting that wall. He's creating poltergeists.
NOBUNAGA: I'm so pissed off at Mitsuhide... I really can't believe that it's Mitsuhide.
GINTOKI: Who is Mitsuhide? Who is that drunk?
REI: Nobunaga.
GINTOKI: Nobunaga?! That's Nobunaga Oda?!
REI: He likes to adopt western mannerisms.
GINTOKI: Why does he have to wear briefs of all things?!
GINTOKI: There are lots of other types of western clothes he can wear.
GINTOKI: There are a lot better things.
NOBUNAGA: Most people wouldn't betray me there.
NOBUNAGA: It was right before I took control of the whole country that I grasp the situation.
GINTOKI: What can I do about that drunk?
REI: Just do something! Old people like talking to young people.
GINTOKI: You should do it.
REI: What is this?
GINTOKI: What's going on? Is it some sort of fad?
GINTOKI: It's Mitsuhide! That's definitely Mitsuhide Akechi!
REI: He was Nobunaga's subordinate so he was going along.
GINTOKI: Now's not the time to be talking about that!
GINTOKI: Something terrible will happen if they meet.
GINTOKI: Huh? I hear something coming from the next room.
GINTOKI: He's got to be Hideyoshi.
XAVIER: I'm going to kill that barber.
GINTOKI: Who is he?!
GINTOKI: And who's this barber he wants to kill?
REI: That's Xavier.
REI: He's the person who introduced Christianity to Japan.
REI: But his hair style was never popular.
GINTOKI: How could it be?!
GINTOKI: For what kind of pathetic reason is he staying here?!
GINTOKI: Don't blame things on your barber!
HIDEYOSHI: But your thumping is really noisy.
HIDEYOSHI: I can't sleep. Could you please keep it quiet?
HIDEYOSHI: Don't call me a monkey. You look like a catfish you know.
REI: You're right! How did you know?
GINTOKI: That's because his underwear is dirty! It has crap on it!
GINTOKI: Hideyoshi seems like he'd have a lot on them!
GINTOKI: Now's not the time to be analyzing this--! If the Brief Trio meet...
MITSUHIDE: Yeah. I haven't seen you in a while.
HIDEYOSHI: That's true. How long has it been?
GINTOKI: Yep...
MITSUHIDE: Really?
GINTOKI: This is bad. Nobunaga is jumping into matters.
NOBUNAGA: You don't remember? That thing happened?
NOBUNAGA: What? You really don't remember?
MITSUHIDE: I don't remember. I was immediately killed afterwards by Sir Hideyoshi.
MITSUHIDE: By "afterwards" I meant that thing. I meant after you told me to attack Mohri.
MITSUHIDE: My memory is vague after that.
HIDEYOSHI: That means that you knew that Nobunaga was killed.
NOBUNAGA: What? Did you just refer to me as just plain Nobunaga?
GINTOKI: He did. He's always badmouthing him and it slipped out.
GINTOKI: He's lashing back. He's pretty annoying.
NOBUNAGA: Oh? You took control of the nation. That's pretty impressive...for a monkey.
HIDEYOSHI: Huh? I'm kind of offended by that. There's no problem in me doing that.
MITSUHIDE: You only took control of the country because you snatched it away from me.
HIDEYOSHI: You want to fight?
NOBUNAGA: Bring it on. I can take you down in one hit.
HIDEYOSHI: But I killed you.
CMGINTOKI: Come in.
GINTOKI: Welcome to Senbokyo.
GHOST B: I came again. I couldn't pass on this year as well.
REI: Right this way.
GHOST B: Thank you. Here.
GHOST B: The year is a waste if I don't get to this hot spring.
GHOST B: Hot springs really bring you back to life.
REI: You're already dead.
GHOST B: Oh no! That's right.
REI: The hot spring is open at all hours of the day. You can go in whenever you like.
GHOST B: I can't wait to stretch out my arms and legs in the hot water.
GHOST B: Oh no! That's right.
GHOST C: Could you help me wash myself?
GINTOKI: All right. Right away.
GHOST C: My back is so itchy.
GHOST C: What are you talking about? My back is my back.
GHOST C: Huh? Did you hear something strange?
GINTOKI: Not at all. I haven't done anything.
GINTOKI: Oh! Do you suppose it could be that thing?
GINTOKI: I might have hummed a little jazz tune!
GHOST C: Oh? You like jazz?
GHOST C: You've got good taste.
GINTOKI: Upper right?! What part is the upper right?!
 GINTOKI: (mono)I don't know Jazz.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Is it this area?
GHOST C: How rude! What are you touching? That's my "C"...
GINTOKI: Huh? Huh? What? Huh? "C?!" It's on the side of your face!
GINTOKI: Why would you have a "C" on the side of your face?
GHOST C: You're quite the wild performer.
GINTOKI: Wait a second!
GINTOKI: Your body's all like this! It's jazzed up.
GHOST C: Yes. It's jazzed up. That's why I want to write it down.
GINTOKI: Hold on! Hold on!
OKAMI: It looks like you weren't what I expected you would be like.
GINTOKI: Let me go already.
TAGOSAKU: Don't be such a spoiled brat!
GINTOKI: I'm not scared anymore!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry for getting carried away!
OKAMI: We have an important guest tomorrow.
OKAMI: The rating of this hot spring will drop if someone like you were to appear before him.
OKAMI: You stay quiet.
SHINPACHI: I have "UNO."
KAGURA: Not good enough. I have a "draw four."
OTAE: I also have a "draw four."
SHINPACHI: I never expected you to have such a trick up your sleeve.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Why?
 GINTOKI: (mono)This treatment...
 GINTOKI: (mono)I can't take it anymore. I can't stay quiet.
 GINTOKI: (mono)I'm going to do it. "His Excellency" and crap don't matter anymore.
 GINTOKI: (mono)I'm going to crush this hot spring inn!
REI: That look.
REI: I've been waiting for that look.
GINTOKI: Rei...
REI: I knew that you were the man who would start a revolution at this hot spring inn.
REI: We Stands are worked off like a horse for small wages while the Okami gets rich.
REI: I'm sick of doing things her way.
REI: you have the potential of a Stand user to rivals that of the Okami.
REI: I'll become your Stand. So let's start a revolution at this hot spring inn.
GINTOKI: Can we win against the Okami's Stand?
REI: Tagosaku is the strongest Stand in Senbokyo.
REI: He's the Okami's husband who passed away ten years ago.
REI: But we need evil spirits to fight evil spirits.
GINTOKI: Awaken.
GINTOKI: Now is the time to awaken.
GINTOKI: Turn your desire for revenge into a blade and rise up now.
GINTOKI: Brief Trio.
HIDEYOSHI: Who the hell are you?
GINTOKI: Ieyasu is here.
GINTOKI: Play a lot of nasty tricks on Ieyasu and ruin his welcome.
NOBUNAGA: You want to fight?
HIDEYOSHI: What did you say?
HIDEYOSHI: Come to the bathrooms later.
MITSUHIDE: Let's do it right now.
MITSUHIDE: Right here.
GINTOKI: Hey! I told you not to fight anymore!
GINTOKI: Come on. I'll give you some peanuts.
GINTOKI: but you can't move forward if you keep looking back.
GINTOKI: Forget everything for today.
GINTOKI: Let's forget all about Honnoji Temple.
GINTOKI: Just focus on Ieyasu.
GINTOKI: even though he was the least remarkable of any of you.
GINTOKI: Your true enemy is Ieyasu! Okay?!
GINTOKI: All right! Then let's do this. Let's all apologize to each other.
GINTOKI: Let's call it all even. Okay?
GINTOKI: Come on. Okay?
MITSUHIDE: My lord...I'm sorry for betraying you.
GINTOKI: The one who apologized first is the most admirable!
NOBUNAGA: It's all right. It didn't really bother me.
GINTOKI: It's pretty hard to forgive the person who killed you.
GINTOKI: Hurry up and apologize to Mitsuhide!
HIDEYOSHI: I don't want to. I didn't do anything wrong.
HIDEYOSHI: I just killed Sir Akechi to avenge my lord.
GINTOKI: What's wrong with this guy? He's really annoying.
GINTOKI: Grasp the situation. You even have crap on your underwear!
NOBUNAGA: Fine. Then I take back my forgiveness.
GINTOKI: You even have skidmarks on your underwear.
HIDEYOSHI: I don't want to.
GINTOKI: I told you to stop.
GINTOKI: Here. Some peanuts.
REI: It looks like it'll be difficult for them to make up.
GINTOKI: Oh well. They'll come around.
GINTOKI: Everyone becomes defenseless in the bath.
GINTOKI: Shh... Be quiet!
GINTOKI: It's Ieyasu! That's Ieyasu. There's no mistake.
GINTOKI: Look at that.
HIDEYOSHI: I took control of the nation.
GINTOKI: There's nothing for you to take.
GINTOKI: Hideyoshi.
HIDEYOSHI: Yes?
GINTOKI: Switch your crappy underwear with the boxers that Ieyasu took off.
HIDEYOSHI: Are you serious? I don't want the underwear that an old guy like that wore.
GINTOKI: The guy who'll wear your underwear will hate it ten thousand times more.
MITSUHIDE: Wait. It's not fair for only Hideyoshi to get boxers. I'll go.
GINTOKI: What are you doing?! We don't need your somewhat clean underwear.
GINTOKI: You're fighting over some old guy's underwear. That's gross!
GINTOKI: All right! Charge. Go fart in the tub.
HIDEYOSHI: Are you serious? Give us a break.
HIDEYOSHI: I got some nice boxers. Do I have to get them soiled already?
GINTOKI: They're already soiled.
GINTOKI: There's a streak of crap on it. How dirty is your butt anyway?
IEYASU: It sure is.
GINTOKI: Listen. Do it together when I count to five.
GINTOKI: Do it with the expectation to bear fruit. Got it?
GINTOKI: Five...
GINTOKI: Four...
GINTOKI: Three...
GINTOKI: Two...
GINTOKI: One.
 GINTOKI: (mono)I-Impossible... This is...
REI: Gin!
OKAMI: Do you want the man you love to die instantly?
OKAMI: The Brief Trio have been under my control for quite some time now.
OKAMI: Don't think I'm your ordinary Stand user. If you make enemies with me...
OKAMI: You're pretty much fighting this whole village.
OKAMI: But that's impossible.
OKAMI: There isn't anyone in Senbokyo who will help you.
OKAMI: I'm going to have you work here until you die.
 GINTOKI: (mono)The most powerful Stand. The most powerful ally.
 GINTOKI: (mono)Such a person...
SHINPACHI: Huh? What are you doing here?
KAGURA: Are you awake?
OTAE: You stink. What is that smell? A fart?
GINTOKI: They're right before me.
GINTOKI: The next episode: "Gin and His Excellency's Good-for-nothings."
GINTOKI: Did I do something wrong?
OKAMI: But that's impossible. There isn't anyone in Senbokyo who will help you.
GINTOKI: The most powerful Stand. The most powerful ally.
GINTOKI: Such a person...
SHINPACHI: Huh? What are you doing here?
KAGURA: Are you awake?
OTAE: You stink. What is that smell?
GINTOKI: They're in front of me!
OKAMI: I can't believe what you did. I never thought you'd double-cross me.
REI: I didn't double-cross you.
OKAMI: Don't get carried away!
OKAMI: Who do you think made you stay here?
REI: I wasn't working here because I wanted to.
OKAMI: Hush!
REI: This is wrong.
OKAMI: What?
OKAMI: Cut it out now.
OKAMI: Nothing has changed.
REI: It's useless!
REI: Gin... Gin will do something to save this inn!
OKAMI: ...he's become...
OKAMI: ...a pet dog without fangs.
SUBTITLE: ["Gin and His Excellency's Good-for-nothings."]
NOBUNAGA: It's as if you were drinking in the whole country! We admire you!
HIDEYOSHI: Hey! Bring more sake! We need more!
IEYASU: Let me pour some for you.
GHOST B: Indeed. We need all the help we can get.
OTOSE: How're my young people doing?
OTOSE: Have they've been somewhat helpful?
OKAMI: I did ask you to send a lively guy.
OKAMI: Maybe. But he continually bit me severely.
OTOSE: That's not the way I remember it!
OTOSE: That's your fault!
OTOSE: You need to pay as we agreed.
OKAMI: I'd say you should pay me instead.
OTOSE: Disciplined him?
OKAMI: He seems to like my place.
OKAMI: And he said he didn't want to go back to you. What should I do?
OTOSE: Wait. I told you that you could have them for only ten days.
OKAMI: But that's what he wants. I can't do anything about it.
OTOSE: ...fallen for him?
OKAMI: Where did you find that man?
OKAMI: He's allied himself with my most trusted worker in a short period.
OKAMI: And then he plotted to revolt against me. No ordinary man can achieve such a thing.
OKAMI: Right now he's a useless good-for-nothing.
OKAMI: I can't think of anyone better to take over for me.
OKAMI: Otose...
OKAMI: He's my dog now.
OKAMI: That man will have to work the rest of his life in this inn.
OTOSE: That helps me.
OTOSE: You can do whatever you want to him.
OTOSE: But let me point out one thing. That man is fierce.
OKAMI: I already disciplined him.
OTOSE: He's a wild animal.
GHOST C: Okami! Gin broke out of the punishment room and escaped!
OTOSE: That's what I told you. You'd better be careful.
OKAMI: Find him!
OKAMI: It would have been impossible for him to go down the mountain!
OKAMI: He must be somewhere in this inn!
OKAMI: Look everywhere!
 OKAM: (M)I trapped Rei in the spell bind cell.
 OKAM: (M)He couldn't have had any help. So how did he do it?!
 OKAM: (M)This is...
 OKAM: (M)This is... Why are they here?!
TAGOSAKU: They're living ghosts.
TAGOSAKU: Being possessed by a Stand means to have a foreign spirit enter your body.
OKAMI: No.
OKAMI: that can't be the only reason for them to become Stands.
OKAMI: they went out of their way to become Stands because they wanted to help him?!
OKAMI: It can't be!
IEYASU: This is the most fun party I've ever been to since I was born.
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: It's not since you were born. Don't you mean since you've died?
 OKAM: (M)What?!
 OKAM: (M)Lord Ieyasu has disappeared!
 OKAM: (M)And the other guests are disappearing!
 OKAM: (M)It can't be! That man found out how to defeat the Stands?!
 OKAM: (M)That's right.
 OKAM: (M)or to trick them by using your head.
 OKAM: (M)Defeating Stands means
 OKAM: (M)sending them to heaven.
 OKAM: (M)The Stands wander this world because of their regrets.
 OKAM: (M)Only when they feel satisfied and happy can they go into heaven.
 OKAM: (M)Yes. You don't need muscle and intelligence to defeat Stands.
 OKAM: (M)All you need is...
 OKAM: (M)The kind of things you learn in class become the ultimate weapons!
GINTOKI: Everyone!
GINTOKI: I won't forget any of you after you enter the afterlife!
GINTOKI: May you rest in peace!
GINTOKI: I'm going to sing a song.
GINTOKI: A Thousand Winds
GINTOKI: {\i1}Do not stand at my grave
GINTOKI: {\i1}I am not
GINTOKI: {\i1}not sleep
GINTOKI: {\i1}I am a thousand winds
OKAMI: Ahh! My guests are going to heaven!
OKAMI: Stop them! Somebody! Stop them!
HIDEYOSHI: Please wait! Sir Mitsuhide has already made a stairway to heaven!
OKAMI: What the hell are you doing?!
MITSUHIDE: Stop! Stop feeding me those heartwarming words.
MITSUHIDE: Or I'm gonna come... I'm gonna come...
OKAMI: Just go now!
GINTOKI: {\i1}I am a thousand winds
NOBUNAGA: Damn it! Where did they go?
MITSUHIDE: I hear "A Thousand Winds" from all sides.
MITSUHIDE: I don't think I can hold it anymore.
HIDEYOSHI: You hate me don't you? You hate me!
MITSUHIDE: Will you listen to me?
NOBUNAGA: Stop! Shoot!
HIDEYOSHI: My lord! Hold on!
NOBUNAGA: Hideyoshi!
NOBUNAGA: I have one thing to say before I go.
HIDEYOSHI: Stop! Stop! I don't want to hear it! I don't!
NOBUNAGA: Please return "Armageddon" to the Tsutaya video rental store for me.
HIDEYOSHI: Apologize! Say you're sorry for calling me a monkey!
HIDEYOSHI: Sir Mitsuhide!
HIDEYOSHI: Sir Mitsuhide went to heaven from hearing "Armageddon"! What's going on?!
KAGURA: Hey!
HIDEYOSHI: Ahh!
HIDEYOSHI: Jean-Claude Van Damme! He's so cool!
NOBUNAGA: You're completely Asian!
NOBUNAGA: Ahh! He's awesome! Jean-Claude!
HIDEYOSHI: My lord! Please calm down. I'm Jean-Claude!
KAGURA: Should I finish it?
NOBUNAGA: Oh?
NOBUNAGA: but you're much better looking without glasses.
SHINPACHI: Arghhh!
OTAE: Shin!
NOBUNAGA: I did it!
NOBUNAGA: Ahhh! Don't say good job!
HIDOYOSHI: M-M-My lord!
HIDEYOSHI: No! Hold on! That's enough! It's over! Hey!
OTAE: Let's go.
HIDEYOSHI: Oh? Did anyone ever tell you that you looked like a celebrity?
OTAE: Why should they? It's the truth.
GINTOKI: {\i1}I am a thousand...
OKAMI: It's useless.
OKAMI: It won't work on my husband.
GINTOKI: Is that so?
OKAMI: You sure have done it.
OKAMI: Just what I'd expect from the man I've set my sight on.
OKAMI: But you did a bit too much.
GINTOKI: Heh. What's wrong with sending dead people to heaven?
GINTOKI: Dead people go to the afterlife. It's their natural providence.
GINTOKI: Yet you keep them here for no reason.
GINTOKI: I'll send all of you to the afterlife.
OKAMI: Let's just see who will be sent to the afterlife.
OKAMI: ...in the worst way possible!
 GINT: (M)I can feel it even before the battle! This evil aura I feel...
 GINT: (M)He's totally different from the other Stands!
OKAMI: Yes...
OKAMI: My husband is not just any Stand.
OKAMI: You can't just sing and send him to heaven like everyone else.
OKAMI: He's completely different from other Stands.
GINTOKI: Because he has an obsession with this world? Or a grudge?
OKAMI: Humph. It means our bond is something that cannot be severed so easily.
OKAMI: What? Don't you have a sweetheart? How pathetic!
OKAMI: Don't take your time if you don't have any!
GINTOKI: Shut up! Don't make me miserable!
OKAMI: Ever since that time...
OKAMI: Yes...
OKAMI: He has always protected me.
OKAMI: Always...
 GINT: (M)Is she taking the Stand into her own body?
OKAMI: You have it all wrong.
OKAMI: A Stand user is not just about controlling the Stands as you command.
OKAMI: and controlling that immense power.
OKAMI: That's a true Stand user.
 GINT: (M)The old lady's body is transforming into someone else.
 GINT: (M)This is...a true Stand user?!
GINTOKI: But you're just His Excellency!
OKAMI: Is that it? We're just getting started here.
OKAMI: Don't tell me you're down already.
OKAMI: this will be the final blow!
OKAMI: Even this isn't enough to atone your sins for wrecking my inn!
OKAMI: An ignorant brat like you talking like you know it all!
OKAMI: But not everyone can go to heaven.
OKAMI: Some people can't go there!
OKAMI: There're people who can't stop thinking about this world.
OKAMI: Or there're people who have deep scars that have yet to heal.
OKAMI: This is the only place for people like them!
OKAMI: You...
OKAMI: You have no right to take it from them!
GINTOKI: What keeps them here is not their failure to go to heaven.
 OKAM: (M)N-No way.
 OKAM: (M)It can't be!
 OKAM: (M)This is...
 OKAM: (M)This is...
GINTOKI: I'll make sugar candy out of you!
ENDING CREDITCAPTION: [His Excellency VS His Excellency]
GINTOKI: Buwahahaha!! The next episode:
GINTOKI: Be Careful When Using Ghost Stories
CATPION: [See you again next time!]
GINTOKI: But you're just His Excellency!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: It's providence that a dead person goes to the next world.
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: Some people can't go there!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: This is the only place for people like them!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: You... You have no right to take it from them!
GINTOKI: What keeps them here is not their failure to go to heaven.
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: No way!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: It can't be.
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: This is... This is...
GINTOKI: I'll make sugar candy out of you!
TITLE CAPTION: [Be Very Careful When Using Ghost Stories]
 OKAM: (M)His Excellency?! Impossible... he can transform into His Excellency and yet still be himself?!
 OKAM: (M)This is the spell prison I trapped Rei inside of!
REI: Okami.
REI: Danna... How long has it been like this?
REI: Us... this inn... when we started
REI: it was a much more wonderful place.
OKAMI: Do you want to come with me? I'm sure you don't have any relatives to go to.
OKAMI: but we can at least give them a bath here and help them get to heaven.
REI: So many souls have been able to go to heaven from here.
REI: This place was like a terminal for lost and weary souls who had no other place to go.
 REI : (M)the inn now lies in ruins filled with Stands.
REI: Gin.
GINTOKI HIS EXCELLENCY: All right.
REI: The time has come to break these cursed chains that have tied down the sprits here for so long.
REI: Okami.
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: Don't think you can push your luck just because you have become His Excellency!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: You think you can beat my husband just by possessing a small fry like Rei?!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: Such a weak vessel. I'll smash it!
GINTOKI HIS EXCELLENCY: Second Stand! Iron Girl!
 OKAM: (M)He's suddenly increased his power. Don't tell me this is...
 OKAM: (M)This is...
KAGURA: I'll turn you into a figure like that cardboard
KAGURA: Yunkeru standup of Tamori at the pharmacy!
 OKAM: (M)Did he switch to another Stand?! Has this guy got multiple Stands?!
 OKAM: (M)What amazing power!
 OKAM: (M)It took ten years even for me to handle a couple of Stands at the same time!
 OKAM: (M)I'm losing energy. I must replenish quickly!
KAGURA: Third Stand! Cabaret Club Smile!
OTAE: It's time for lunch!
 OKAM: (M)That is... Dark Matter!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: She distorted space to create dark matter within her hands!
OTAE: Fried eggs!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: It burns!
OTAE: It's the final blow!
OTAE: Go! Fourth Stand! Jimmy Heavenly!
GINTOKI: I turned into some kinda freak! Who is this?!
GINTOKI: I don't remember inhaling anyone like this!
GINTOKI: What kind of imitation hero is this? What kind of meat-puppet is this?!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: You must be very good at collecting Stands!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: Evil spirits are gathering around you!
GINTOKI: Hey! Just where do you think you're coming out of?!
KAGURA: It hurts!
GINTOKI: Kagura! What the? Where did you just come out from?!
OTAE: Gin! Look in front! Front!
GINTOKI: All I can see is you!
GINTOKI: Don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to flirt with you.
SHINPACHI: Shoot! All the Stands have left him!
KAGURA: Gin! Run away! You don't have any Stands!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: It's too late!
OKAMI HIS EXCELLENCY: Die!
SHINPACHI: A completely unrelated character took her out!
OKAMI: I can't believe it! You can handle so many Stands at the same time.
OKAMI: Splendid.
OKAMI: Gin...and all of you.
OKAMI: No wonder Otose sent you guys.
TAGOSAKU: I'll...protect you.
TAGOSAKU: I promised...
DANNA: I...I'm sorry...Oiwa.
OKAMI: It's all right. Stop talking.
DANNA: Don't worry.
DANNA: Everything will be the same.
OKAMI: Dear...
DANNA: I'll...be with you forever.
DANNA: I...promise.
TAGOSAKU: I'll...protect you.
DANNA: I promised you.
DANNA: I said I would protect you.
GHOSTS: Protect Okami. Protect our inn.
OKAMI: You guys!
GINTOKI: Wh-What the-!
GHOSTS: Protect Okami.
GHOSTS: Protect our inn.
GINTOKI: going to Tagosaku!
REI: That's...
REI: Tagosaku sucking in all the Stands from every living thing in the village!
OTAE: He's sucking in all of the Stands?! That means... death.
REI: Our fears have finally come to pass.
OKAMI: Dear!
OKAMI: What are you doing?!
TAGOSAKU: This inn...I'll protect it!
OKAMI: Are you going to take the Stands of all the living creatures in this village?!
OKAMI: Stop it! Can't you hear me?!
OKAMI: Tagosaku!
SHINPACHI: It's no good! He won't even listen to Okami.
REI: The Stand has gone out of control!
REI: Keeping so many Stands in one place for a long time
REI: will increase the negative emotions
REI: and the power of the Stands will have an even bigger influence on this world.
REI: To the point where they can't be controlled by human power.
REI: The negative emotions will continue increasing
REI: and the entire world will erode if we don't bring this under control.
OKAMI: No! You can't be doing such a thing!
OKAMI: Rei!
SHINPACHI: He's going to suck up every soul!
OTAE: Shin-chan! Hang on tight!
GINTOKI: Escape into my body for now!
KAGURA: Gin!
GINTOKI: Almost there...
GINTOKI: Just a little...
SHINPACHI: Even Gin's Stand came out!
GINTOKI: His suction is unbelievable! Every household should have at least one.
SHINPACHI: Everyone has become Stands!
GINTOKI: Hurry! Return to my body.
SHINPACHI: What the hell?! That weirdo just made off with your body!
OKAMI: This way!
OKAMI: Enter my body! Take my hand!
OKAMI: Hurry!
GINTOKI: No way!
GINTOKI: I would rather lose my soul than go in there!
TAGOSAKU: Everyone will throw away their bodies and become one.
TAGOSAKU: Then everyone will be together.
TAGOSAKU: You won't feel lonely anymore.
GINTOKI: Old hag!
SHINPACHI: Gin!
OKAMI: Rei!
OKAMI: Rei!
REI: Everyone!
REI: You carry all our souls within your heart.
OKAMI: I must apologize to them.
OKAMI: I seem to have forced them into terrible penance.
OKAMI: It was me.
 OKAM: (M)The first time I saw those kids was back when illness took my mother.
 OKAM: (M)I was crying really hard when the Stand appeared before me.
 OKAM: (M)Sometimes we cried together.
 OKAM: (M)It became more natural to be with Stands than with other humans.
 OKAM: (M)Friends that only I could see.
 OKAM: (M)I thought that I was chosen.
 OKAM: (M)That it was a power granted to me by the heavens to carry out some important deed.
 OKAM: (M)This inn is for ghosts who failed to get to go to heaven.
 OKAM: (M)but we can at least give them a bath here and help them get to heaven.
 OKAM: (M)I helped a lot of souls go to heaven.
 OKAM: (M)It was satisfying watching them smile before passing away.
 OKAM: (M)That the only beings next to me were... all Stands.
 OKAM: (M)That I...have been alone for a long time.
OKAMI: I'd be really lonely if I lost all the Stands.
OKAMI: And the thought of it made me extremely scared.
OKAMI: They probably understood my weak feelings.
OKAMI: From so long ago...
OKAMI: Give me a break!
OKAMI: Save souls who've lost their place to go?
OKAMI: Stop being so presumptuous!
OKAMI: I was the one being saved.
OKAMI: They were worried...about me being all alone.
OKAMI: Even when they turned into ghosts... Always...
 OKAMI: (M)_Yes. They always stayed with me.
OKAMI: Thank you for everything.
SHINPACHI: That's it!
SHINPACHI: The inhaled Stands are going to heaven!
GHOSTS: Okami!
GHOSTS: ...we will always be...in your heart.
GHOSTS: We will always...always be with you.
TAGOSAKU: I promise...Oiwa.
OKAMI: This is all I know how to do.
OKAMI: I'll just start scrubbing down the backs of skeletons again.
SHINPACHI: Are you going to manage the inn all by yourself?
OKAMI: I'm not alone anymore.
OKAMI: I want to save them this time. I'm repaying a favor.
GINTOKI: Having that old hag wash my back doesn't sound very good!
SHINPACHI: I wonder if Okami is all right.
GINTOKI: I think she'll be okay.
OKAMI: Re...Rei?! What are you doing here?!
REI: But don't worry. The reason I came back here isn't because I was worried about you.
REI: It was because there's a man whose back I want to wash.
GHOST: Excuse me.
OKAMI: Welcome to Senbokyo bathhouse.
CLOSING CREDITSPREVIEW: What? The next episode is about leveraging Gintama?
CLOSING CREDITSPREVIEW: That sounds awfully familiar. What? No?
CLOSING CREDITSPREVIEW: It's about leveraging Gintaman? That sounds even more familiar.
CLOSING CREDITSPREVIEW: The next episode:
CLOSING CREDITSPREVIEW: Before Thinking About The Earth, Think About The More Endangered Gintaman's Future!
 GINT: (M)Wasn't that shot sorta long for just "Uho"?
EDITOR: Daitooo!
EDITOR: You can't jump into the gutter just because you ran out of decent ideas!
EDITOR: What're you tryin' to pull?!
EDITOR: Please don't frustrate me.
EDITOR: Look over there!
EDITOR: But look at you! Who the hell are you?
EDITOR: But you have a big pecker! Even that pisses me off!
EDITOR: ...no longer be needed for JUMP!
 DAIT: (N)How did things get like this?
 DAIT: (N)Why do I have to languish like this?
 DAIT: (N)even though I didn't ask.
 DAIT: (N)I had always scored high in reader surveys.
GIRL: I won't let you do that!
 DAIT: (N)I didn't know what was wrong.
GINTOKI: I can't believe it. It's jumped the shark.
GINTOKI: I wonder what the editor is thinking.
DAITO: You mean Konishi.
GINTOKI: It sounds like he's really risen in life.
GINTOKI: I remember he was always worried about getting fired back then.
 DAIT: (N)He treated Konishi like a rookie editor?!
DAITO: I'm not worthy! Please help me!
KONISHI: You can't just call and expect me to come anymore.
KONISHI: You should be thankful! I hardly have any time since I started working on "One Park."
KONISHI: You should know that.
 DAIT: (M)Mainly dating parties.
KONISHI: I've moved on from "Gintaman" - that's a manga for the masses.
DAITO: M-Millions? Not thousands or...?
DAITO: More like...ze-zero point million.
AMACHI: Uho.
KOISHI: Thanks for inviting me.
DAITO: Koishi Sensei! I'm glad you could come!
KONISHI: What?!
DAITO: Well...
GINTOKI: Yo!
KONISHI: Y-You are?
DAITO: So everybody's here.
KONISHI: Well...Who are you?
GINTOKI: What are you talking about? Don't tell me you've forgotten my face.
AMACHI: Uho!
GINTOKI: I don't think an extension is possible.
GINTOKI: Listen! The manga in JUMP all turn battle manga before they end! That's destiny!
KONISHI: But it's not always like that!
GINTOKI: Who are you?
DAITO: This is Koishi Sensei. He wrote and illustrated "Maison de Gin-Gin" and now works on "Asokomarudashi."
GINTOKI: I see. I heard you worked as a cashier in your hometown for a while.
KOISHI: I'm outta here.
AMACHI: Uho!
DAITO: So...
All: Cheers!
KONISHI: But you can't taste the real yakitori without the skewer. Understand?
DAITO: Um... Any ideas?
KOISHI: I think everyone want to try all kinds of food.
KONISHI: I don't need that kind of advice!
DAITO: Ideas?
KOISHI: Yakitori is yakitori whether it's on skewer or not.
KONISHI: What if yakitori came in a tube.
DAITO: Stop talking about the tube! Focus on the meeting!
DAITO: Let's first talk about what the issue is with "Gintaman."
KONISHI: All right.
KOISHI: There's no question that "Gintaman" has too much dirty language.
KONISHI: And the illustrations are crude!
AMACHI: Uho...
DAITO: That's it!
KONISHI: I know the answer. What "Gintaman" doesn't have is...
DAITO: Sex?
KOISHI: The women in "Gintaman" are all violent characters.
KOISHI: Ginta shrinks and jumps right between her giant boobs.
DAITO: Ah ha! "Gintaman" didn't have the ingredients for a heroine! That's it!
AMACHI: Uho!
AMACHI: Uho!
GINTOKI: You got any ideas?
AMACHI: Uho uho....
DAITO: Great!
GINTOKI: What did he say? Please translate for me.
GINTOKI: Hey! Why did it take him so long just to say that?
KOISHI: And the heroine is Gintaman's childhood friend.
KOISHI: We need to have this kind of traditional setting.
KONISHI: I like a fair-skinned girl from the snow country.
KONISHI: That's why you can't sell a million magazines.
KONISHI: What?!
KOISHI: How about a girl who speaks with a Hakata accent?
AMACHI: Uho?
MIKAKO: Ginta! Ginta!
MIKAKO: Wake up!
MIKAKO: I came in here ta wake ya up!
GINTA-KUN: I'm saying: Don't come into my room without asking!
MIKAKO: Whatevs. You'll be late fer school if ya don't hurry!
GINTA-KUN: It's not time yet!
MIKAKO: Whateva!
 GINT: (N)This is Mikako Nakajima.
 GINT: (N)She lives next door and she's always poking her nose in my business.
GINTA-KUN: What's that?
MIKAKO: Can ya come and watch my basketball game today?
MIKAKO: Can you?
GINTA-KUN: If I have time.
MIKAKO: Really?!
GIRL STUDENT A: We don't have much time left.
GIRL STUDENT C: This is it.
MIKAKO: We never give up! Let's play our best!
ALL: All right!
 MIKA: (M)Ginta.
AMACHI: Uho...
GINTOKI: What! Is that all?!
AMACHI: Uho.
GINTOKI: Did everyone see that? The story is too cliche!
GINTOKI: Forget about the snow country!
KOISHI: Yes! How about twins?
DAITO: But "Gintaman" already had twins who were mediums.
DAITO: Their names were Ipa and Nema.
DAITO: 48?
AMACHI: Uho?!
GINTOKI: It's very important to have an impact!
DAITO: You're straying off the subject.
KOISHI: How about that heroine who is a divorcee with one kid?
GINTOKI: That's good!
DAITO: I get really excited about female dentists.
GINTOKI: I love it!
KOISHI: She cooks fish and is a real family girl.
GINTOKI: Sounds great!
KONISHI: She's good at mimicking voices.
GINTOKI: Wonderful!
DAITO: She can't hold her liquor!
GINTOKI: Awesome!
KOICHI: Her dream is to be a bride!
GINTOKI: Cool!
KONISHI: She looks pretty!
GINTOKI: Great!
DAITO: A bus driver!
GINTOKI: Swell!
GINTOKI: Wow! I'm stuffed to the gills!
AMACHI: U...ho...
DAITO: No problem. Because there's a character called Amanto.
GINTOKI: Then we're going home!
All: Great idea!
DAITO: Let's go to a cabaret club!
GURAKO: Boss! I need to get paid! When can I get my paycheck?
PATSUAN: Dondake!
GINTA-SAN: Be quiet.
GURAKO: My stomach and my back will be one and the same soon!
GURAKO: Come on! Pay up! Feed me!
PATSUAN: Dondake!
GINTA-SAN: You can take anything here to a pawnshop.
GURAKO: What's with all this junk!
PATSUAN: Dondake!
GINTA-SAN: This is...
GINTA-SAN: ...my childhood photo album!
GINTA-SAN: Oh! That's...
GINTA-SAN: Mikako Nakajima. She lived next door.
GINTA-SAN: I bet she's a beautiful woman now.
GURAKO: Your teeth are gonna rot if you keep eating that stuff.
PATSUAN: Dondake!
GINTA-SAN: Shut up! Leave me alone.
GINTA-SAN: Ouch! My tooth hurts!
PATSUAN: Dondake!
GINTA-SAN: Ouch.
GINTA-SAN: Here it is.
MIKAKO: What are ya doing? Open yer mouth wide.
GINTA-SAN: Ah...
MIKAKO: Don't move!
GINTA-SAN: Huh?!
MIKAKO: Ya don't recognize me?
GINTA-SAN: You're...Mikako Nakajima?
GINTA-SAN: I haven't seen you for ten years.
MIKAKO: Really?
MIKAKO: But ten years went by in a flash.
MIKAKO: Give me another.
GINTA-SAN: Are you sure you can handle all that?
MIKAKO: Don't worry.
GINTA-SAN: But what a coincidence that you opened your dental clinic in this town.
MIKAKO: That's not exactly right. It's not a coincidence.
GINTA-SAN: What?!
GINTA-SAN: Someone?
MIKAKO: Yeah.
GINTA-SAN: H-Hey! That's why I asked you.
MIKAKO: But I can cook fish.
MIKAKO: And I do good impressions of other people.
GINTA-SAN: Y-Yeah.
MIKAKO: But I have to go back home soon.
GINTA-SAN: Back home?
MIKAKO: Ginta!
MIKAKO: I'm glad you could come!
GINTA-SAN: I'm here because you asked.
GINTA-SAN: What? I'm sorry I'm late.
MIKAKO: Nothing. I'm so happy.
MIKAKO: Here you go. A handwarmer.
GINTA-SAN: Thank you.
MIKAKO: It's time ta say good-bye.
GINTA-SAN: Yeah...but we'll see each other again.
GINTA-SAN: What?
MIKAKO: Then...
GINTA-SAN: What do you mean we won't see each other again?
MIKAKO: I...came because I wanted to see you.
MIKAKO: I liked you.
MIKAKO: Take this.
MIKAKO: Take care of yourself.
GINTA-SAN: Someone?
GINTA-SAN: Tw-Twins?!
HIROSHI: Mom!
GINTA-SAN: Mom?!
HIROSHI: Where have you been?
GINTA-SAN: Hiroshi?!
MIKAKO: I'm a divorcee.
GINTA-SAN: A divorcee?!
GINTA-SAN: Ah!
MIKAKO: I'm an Amanto from the Planet of the Giant Boobs.
GINTA-SAN: What?!
MIKAKO: It's time for the final battle!
MIKAKO: Oh!
MIKAKO: It's either them or us.
MIKAKO: There can be only one winner!
ALL: Oh!
GINTA-SAN: Um...
MIKAKO: Yes?
GINTA-SAN: Who are they?
MIKAKO: We're from the Planet of the Giant Boobs
GINTA-SAN: Planet Flat Chest?!
MIKAKO: Go!
 MIKAKO : (Blue)Bring it on!
GINTOKI: Whatever...
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWCAPTION: [Ugyaaaaaaaaaah!!]
GINTOKI: Remember last year when we had to skip one episode because of the Japan World Series?
SHINPACHI: Don't tell me...
KAGURA: Then we didn't have the Japan World Series this year.
KAGURA: So we're short one story.
SHINPACHI: What?! What are we going to do tonight then?
GINTOKI: Don't worry. They're writing today's script in the back room right now.
GINTOKI: They said we have to ad lib until then.
SHINPACHI: When did you put in the order? How much longer will it take them to finish?
SHINPACHI: The show will be over by then!
SHINPACHI: Using stills over a long period causes our sales in foreign countries to drop.
Dialogue: 0,0:01:01.48,0:01:07.09,Main01,SHINPACHI,0000,0000,0000,,It's hard for foreigners to understand unless the picture is animated.
KAGURA: Are you kidding? Even Japanese have a hard time understanding the original gags in this anime.
KAGURA: It's too late to do something for foreign countries!
SHINPACHI: Th-That's true.
GINTOKI: That makes a lot of sense.
GINTOKI: Forget about foreign sales.
GINTOKI: It sounds like too much. We should just focus on the immediate broadcast.
SHINPACHI: It would make no sense to show still pictures with background music for an entire show.
SHINPACHI: It's not good for foreign countries or Japan.
SHINACHI: Dah! Don't be so specific!
GINTOKI: I understand what the executives meant.
GINTOKI: Then foreign sales won't suffer and the executives will be happy.
SHINPACHI: Probably.
GINTOKI: All right. Let's get motivated and move the picture around.
GINTOKI: Here we go!
SHINPACHI: Ohhh!
SHINPACHI: Eh...
HATSU: Are you sure? Call me if you have any problems. Are you really all right?
HATSU: Really? Then why don't I visit soon and clean up your place?
HASEGAWA: No! I don't need you to clean up!
HASEGAWA: I said no! I don't want to bother you.
HATSU: What? Is there something you don't want me to see?
HASEGAWA: I-It's not like that! I keep my room clean! Really!
HATSU: Then I'm looking forward to it.
HATSU: I'll see you this weekend.
GINTOKI: I guess it's about time for you to start over with her.
GINTOKI: Why aren't you living together?
DEBT COLLECOTR: He already ran off.
HASEGAWA: Now I'm like... like this.
GINTOKI: But I think you're looking better than ever.
GINTOKI: Dog...
GINTOKI: radio...
GINTOKI: cardboard box.
GINTOKI: You're completely covered by the Three Sacred Treasures of the homeless.
GINTOKI: You've finally found your lifetime job.
HASEGAWA: I don't have a lifetime job. I have no job.
GINTOKI: It's always the same.
HASEGAWA: Are you trying to cheer me up? Or do you want me to kick you around?
HASEGAWA: How could you say I'm like Onion Knight?
GINTOKI: You smell like a rotten onion.
HASEGAWA: That was a critical hit.
HASEGAWA: No!
HASEGAWA: I need a place to stay so I can restore my hit points!
HASEGAWA: I can't restore my hit points in a cardboard box!
HASEGAWA: What should I do?
GINTOKI: I'd say you have no one to blame but yourself.
HASEGAWA: I have to do something by this weekend!
GINTOKI: See ya.
FUDO: Taizo Hasegawa: 38 years old.
FUDO: I just can't remember.
FUDO: I think I met someone once a long time ago who said he was an Onion Knight.
HASEGAWA: Um... Well...
GINTOKI: It's a job that involves fermenting onions.
HASEGAWA: What?
HASEGAWA: Music?
FUDO: Oh? Does it look like I'm lying?
FUDO: You think I'm lying? I really know what it is.
HASEGAWA: No! I believe you!
FUDO: She passed away one year ago. Darn it.
WIFE: Can you get some real quick?
HASEGAWA: Doesn't he have a black list?
GINTOKI: They call him...
GINTOKI: ...the Messiah of Kabukicho. His name is Sanzo Fudo.
GINTOKI: There're a lot of bums like you in town.
GINTOKI: They're all in an abyss of misery.
GINTOKI: There's a real estate agent who gives them a helping hand and a place to stay.
HASEGAWA: Those who are alive.
HASEGAWA: That old man seems careless.
FUDO: Hasegawa.
FUDO: Do you have any specific requests for a place?
HASEGAWA: And it's better if it's fancy.
GINTOKI: Don't expect much.
HASEGAWA: But Hatsu is coming.
FUDO: 1LDK?
FUDO: R-Right. I think a single man needs...1WGTM.
GINTOKI: Huh? What did you just say?
FUDO: O-One...3P would be perfect!
HASEGAWA: That's not a 1LDK!
HASEGAWA: Why do I have to live in such a filthy dog house?!
HASEGAWA: Don't you really know what 1LDK means?
FUDO: I just thought that was a good doghouse for Hasegawa's dirty mutt.
HASEGAWA: That's none of your business!
FUDO: There's no way that a real estate agent doesn't know what 1LDK means.
FUDO: That's a common term. We use it a lot.
GINTOKI: Why don't you use it then?
FUDO: Let's see... We'll use it after we come back from our trip.
GINTOKI: Why do you bother replacing it with a complicated word like "1LDK"?
HASEGAWA: Um...Can you show us some other properties?
FUDO: Is that right? I'm not sure if 1LDK will come back.
FUDO: Is that all right with you?
GINTOKI: What kind of 1LDK are you talking about?!
FUDO: How about this property?
GINTOKI: It looks good to me.
HASEGAWA: I'd prefer something more stylish.
FUDO: I knew you were going to say that. Don't worry.
FUDO: This isn't the one I wanted to show you.
FUDO: This one.
HASEGAWA: Another doghouse?!
FUDO: It has can badges!
HASEGAWA: No thanks! I don't need those kinds of accessories!
FUDO: That's not right...I said 1LDK is not here.
HASEGAWA: Stop it! I can't live in that kind of place!
HASEGAWA: That's not even a house for people! Show me a place for people!
FUDO: I see. That's what you wanted. Now I know.
FUDO: Why didn't you tell me that in the beginning?
FUDO: I'm confident in myself with this place.
HASEGAWA: What kind of confidence are you talking about?!
HASEGAWA: That's enough! This is just a doghouse!
HASEGAWA: It's not even close to a 1LDK. Did you hear what I said?
FUDO: See. A person lives there.
HASEGAWA: That's not the point!
HASEGAWA: I'm just looking for a place to live! I can't live in this kind of place!
HASEGAWA: Why are you getting shy? I'm not your master!
HASEGAWA: Are you sure this time?
GINTOKI: Almost.
HASEGAWA: Aren't you going to point it out?
HASEGAWA: I said I didn't have a job.
FUDO: All right. Then let me show you a good one. How about that one?
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI: Are you listening to us?!
FUDO: This is one of the best apartments among my high-end properties.
FUDO: This one is always popular and occupied.
FUDO: But it just now became available. You're really lucky!
FUDO: And the monthly fee is only three million yen. This is a really rare opportunity.
HASEGAWA: Wh-What?
HASEGAWA: What kind of random reason do you have for that kind of discount? It's a 99% discount!
HASEGAWA: What? Are you angry? Or maybe you've snapped? Or you're desperate?
HASEGAWA: Really? Are you sure? That's all I have to do to live here?
HASEGAWA: No problem! We'll take care of it!
HASEGAWA: We'll use all the household effects. It's a great benefit to us!
HASEGAWA: I'm sure Hatsu will be happy.
FUDO: That's good.
HASEGAWA: For what?!
HASEGAWA: Whoa! This...is...
HASEGAWA: Why are you so blas? Look at the mess we're in!
GINTOKI: What are you so excited about? Can you tell me where the murder took place?
HASEGAWA: The blood is all over the place!
HASEGAWA: I wouldn't be surprised if that kid from Case Closed barged in right about now!
GINTOKI: Eh? Is this blood? I thought this was a custom-painted wall.
HASEGAWA: It can't be! It's so disgusting!
FUDO: You said this was a crime scene? Something like that happens only in a TV drama.
FUDO: I think this place was probably used for gutting a tuna or something.
HASEGAWA: That sounds even less likely! Why did a tuna have to be gutted here?
GINTOKI: What? This is not a dying message.
GINTOKI: So somebody's practicing their calligraphy?
GINTOKI: It splattered around the room after it worked hard to write NOBORU.
HASEGAWA: That's pretty painstaking work!
HASEGAWA: About what?
HASEGAWA: I can't live in a place where there was a murder.
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter what happened in the past. Now is more important.
HASEGAWA: True. There's blood everywhere now... that's what I'm really concerned about.
GINTOKI: Listen to me.
GINTOKI: Most pretty girls have already been "done" by some stupid guy at their middle school
GINTOKI: or high school before we ever meet them.
HASEGAWA: What are you talking about?!
HASEGAWA: Hey! I really don't understand what you're trying to tell me!
GINTOKI: You would just keep it in your mind.
GINTOKI: It'd be a turn-off for her.
GINTOKI: And it's the same for rooms.
HASEGAWA: What do you mean that the room has been "done?"
GINTOKI: you shouldn't bother!
FUDO: Good grief.
FUDO: I've been working in the real estate business for over 50 years and I never...
FUDO: I never thought that I would meet someone who really cared about a room.
HASEGAWA: Why are you crying? Did any part of that story make you cry?
FUDO: He's exactly right. The nice rooms are all tainted.
FUDO: Most likely a murder happened there.
HASEGAWA: You liar! I have never heard anything like that!
FUDO: I think it's something like the magic of the room.
FUDO: Seven people have already died in here.
HASEGAWA: What?!
FUDO: and died soon after.
FUDO: I'm really sorry. I didn't mean it.
FUDO: I just felt sorry for this room. Everybody thinks it's cursed.
FUDO: The room works out well when occupied.
FUDO: I know some people call me a Messiah because I save all kinds of people.
FUDO: But I don't deserve it.
FUDO: I just wanted to turn all these dumps into real rooms.
FUDO: I'm so glad that you'll become a real room soon.
FUDO: Here it is.
FUDO: I want to give this to you. You can use this room however you want.
FUDO: It's totally up to you how you use this room.
FUDO: I hope you'll...
GINTOKI: I don't think I deserve this offer.
GINTOKI: I think this room will be happy when a person who needs a place lives here.
HASEGAWA: It'll make the room happy.
FUDO: I want you to take this.
GINTOKI: I already heard that.
FUDO: Sir...
GINTOKI: This is the third time.
HASEGAWA: No!
FUDO: Enough! I told you I wanted to give it to you. Just take it already!
GINTOKI: Who wants such a creepy room?!
GINTOKI: You can't get rid of it by giving it to someone who's a nuisance! It's not fair!
HASEGAWA: But you're talking about something totally different.
FUDO: Take it!
GINTOKI: No!
VOICE: Ki...Kill...
VOICE: Kill...Kill...
VOICE: Kill...Kill...
HATSU: I wonder how he got the money to afford this kind of place?
HATSU: Hello! I came to clean up.
VOICE: Ki...Kill...
VOICE: Kill...Kill...
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWAYAME: People say that your heart grows fonder when you don't see your sweetheart for a long time.
ENDING CREDITPREVIEWAYAME: I just noticed that he left me for three months.
GINTOKI: Tune in next time for
GINTOKI: 99 Percent of Men Aren't Confident in Confessing Their Love
 SATCHAN: (mono)I can't take it anymore. So I figured out a way to make him one with me.
 SATCHAN: (mono)So I...
EMPLOYEE A: Welcome!
GINTOKI: Excuse me. I've got a coupon for a free cake here.
GINTOKI: Can I use it here?
EMPLOYEE A: Yes. Of course. Choose up to three of these cakes here.
EMPLOYEE A: This cake is our newest creation.
GINTOKI: Huh? Really? Hmm...
SATCHAN: Choose me!
SATCHAN: Now quickly.
SATCHAN: Eat me all up.
GINTOKI: Umm...Just give me a moment.
EMPLOYEE A: That is our most popular cake.
GINTOKI: What? Really?
SATCHAN: What's up with that?!
SATCHAN: A moment? How long is that?! How long are you going to make me wait?
 SATCHAN: (mono)This is a type of role-playing.
GINTOKI: Sorry to keep you waiting.
GINTOKI: I always eat the main dish last
SATCHAN: How wonderful!
SATCHAN: Gin is definitely the only one who can push my buttons!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
EMPLOYEE A: Thank you very much.
SATCHAN: Gi...
SATCHAN: Gin...
KONDO: What's wrong? Why are you sighing?
SATCHAN: Sighing? That's called exhaling.
SATCHAN: Rough fantasy abandonment just turns me on.
KONDO: Sighing?
SATCHAN: That stinks.
KONDO: It's a joy to help the one you love.
KONDO: You can feel each other's love.
OTAE: You've got thirty seconds to go buy Baagen-Daaz for all the staff.
KONDO: I'll be right back!
 SATCHAN: (mono)You're just a slave.
KONDO: Men are also creatures who want a chase!
SATCHAN: Shut up! I'm still happy!
SATCHAN: I'd even like to share my happiness with you!
SATCHAN: Then you might be able to attain your impossible love!
KONDO: Try it if you can!
KONDO: I'm also more than happy.
KONDO: I could even become your love cupid!
 SATCHAN: (mono)What's with this gorilla stalker's triumphant smile?
SATCHAN: Settle things?
KONDO: Yeah. Whoever can lead the other's love to success.
SATCHAN: I see... The one who wins is truly filled with happiness.
KONDO: I challenge you.
SATCHAN: Bring it on.
OTAE: Oh...
SHINPACHI: Oh.
OTAE: Sarutobi!
SATCHAN: Haven't you heard?
SATCHAN: has developed an interest in someone else.
SHINPACHI: No way! Kondo?!
SATCHAN: He's already received a love letter from her.
SHINPACHI: Why do you have it?!
SHINPACHI: And why is it in code?!
SATCHAN: It seems she's from some far-off country.
SHINPACHI: It's "I'd like you bury myself in a hole"! The meaning's changed!
SATCHAN: I also found something that I believe was a gift to her.
SATCHAN: Here it is.
SHINPACHI: Why a collar?! What kind of woman is she?!
SATCHAN: She's a bestial woman.
 SATCHAN: (mono)It's only natural that she'd want to go after a man who leaves her.
 SATCHAN: (mono)I've won this battle!
MAN B: Wh-What?!
GINTOKI: What the hell are you doing?!
GINTOKI: I know you've been following me! Why are you acting surprised?!
GINTOKI: What is this?
GINTOKI: I don't remember doing anything to warrant getting stalked by a man.
KONDO: has recently fallen for another man.
GINTOKI: What is he? A mole cricket? An earthworm?
SATCHAN: So how did you do?
KONDO: That Odd Jobs guy was easy.
SATCHAN: Huh? Gin thought of me in that way?!
KONDO: So how did you do?!
SATCHAN: It was easy. Otae said...
OTAE: Is that so?
OTAE: Tell her that I recommend Kondo. He's really good person.
KONDO: No way! Really?!
KONDO: That was the first time she ever talked about me like that!
SATCHAN: But your happiness aura still isn't very impressive.
KONDO: I'm not Yamcha! I'm at least Master Roshi level!
KONDO: What did you say?!
 SATCHAN: (mono)But I still haven't clinched victory in this battle.
KONDO: I've got a direct and decisive plan.
KONDO: what's with that outfit?!
SATCHAN: I'm trying to draw attention to the fact that we're supposedly a stupid couple that's attached to each other.
KONDO: We really are attached to each other!
SATCHAN: But it's definitely not a bad plan.
SATCHAN: Women are creatures who want a chase.
SATCHAN: If someone whose presence they took for granted really disappears...
SATCHAN: they'll realize how important that person was.
KONDO: That's right!
KONDO: But you've made one mistake.
GINTOKI: Huh? Really? I'm glad for the two of you.
SATCHAN: Huh? Well...
KONDO: Umm... Well... Huh?
GINTOKI: What do you two think about living here?
OTAE: I've got to let everyone know.
KONDO: Hold on! Wait!
GINTOKI: Here. In celebration.
SATCHAN: I feel kind of stupid.
SATCHAN: Where are you going?
KONDO: That's enough.
KONDO: Leave me alone.
SATCHAN: Okay.
SATCHAN: I'm actually not going out with Kondo!
KONDO: We made it all up!
KONDO: She doesn't love me.
KONDO: She is wholeheartedly and seriously is in love with a certain someone!
SATCHAN: Kondo only truly loves one person.
 SATCHAN: (mono)are creatures who are happiest when they're loved.
GINTOKI: I have no choice.
GINTOKI: What a waste of time.
OTAE: How bothersome.
GINTOKI: Hey.
SATCHAN: G... Gin.
KONDO: O-Otae...
GINTOKI: I heard from that half-gorilla stalker about you.
OTAE: I heard about how serious you are.
GINTOKI: Don't hold back.
SATCHAN: Right here declare your feelings.
 SATCHAN: (mono)Yes... This is the conclusion to the battle.
 SATCHAN: (mono)Kondo.
 SATCHAN: (mono)Thank you!
SATCHAN: I've always loved you!
KONDO: Go out with me!
HASEGAWA: Huh?
HASEGAWA: But I'm married.
GINTOKI: Geez.
GINTOKI: old men who get carried away at year-end parties...
SANTA: All you can drink.
SANTA: We've got a Christmas event today...
SANTA: With an optional Santa role-playing service.
SANTA: This service is free.
GINTOKI: He's...
SANTA: I-I'm working right now.
THUG: What did you say?
THUG: Don't fool around with me!
THUG: Just the interest?!
THUG: Don't talk nonsense!
BEN: Stop right here.
THUG: I'm saying that I want you to return all my money.
THUG: What?!
THUG: What do you want?
BEN: I'll shoulder that old man's debt.
BEN: It's been a while... Gramps.
SANTA: You're...
THUG: Thank you very much.
SANTA: Ben... You...
GINTOKI: This looks like a fateful reunion.
SANTA: You're...
GINTOKI: So the three of us meet again. What a coincidence.
SANTA: A lot's happened...
GINTOKI: Oh yeah?
SANTA: I quit being a Santa...
GINTOKI: Oh? You quit being a Santa?
GINTOKI: Is that why you're a tout?
SANTA: That's right.
GINTOKI: I see. Your skills from your former job can be put to use.
SANTA: Not at all. It's a completely different world.
GINTOKI: But why? Why did you quit being a Santa?
SANTA: Martinez in the official Santa Division says that there's nothing that can be done.
GINTOKI: What's a Santa-pension? And who is Martinez?!
SANTA: We're not needed.
GINTOKI: I see...
BEN: They take advantage of us because we have criminal records...
GINTOKI: Criminal records?
SANTA: Yeah. We'd get arrested by the police while we're doing our Santa job...
GINTOKI: You got arrested? Why would they arrest you?
SANTA: What kind of present would we have to give to be arrested for that?!
GINTOKI: Why would a Santa be arrested trespassing? Isn't that weird?
BEN: Our look was that thing...
BEN: That thing you forced us to wear.
SANTA: We couldn't make any excuses dressed like that.
SANTA: We instantly became ex-convicts.
SANTA: That was the beginning of my downfall...
SANTA: It's hard to get back on.
SANTA: We couldn't make a living.
SANTA: There was no point in remaining together...
SANTA: So we decided to walk our own paths...
SANTA: But life wasn't so easy...
SANTA: My future is dark. I want to borrow a reindeer's nose.
BEN: I'm not lending you mine.
SANTA: Dark?
BEN: I'm not talking about money. I'm talking about my heart...
SANTA: Your heart?
BEN: It seems I had a knack for it and I quickly became successful...
BEN: But I feel kind of sad.
BEN: I have money and my life should feel fulfilling... But there's a hole in my heart...
BEN: I had no money. I had nothing.
BEN: But life seemed to have meaning to it.
BEN: Everything shined...
BEN: I felt encouraged just when I thought
BEN: of the smiles children had when they got presents...
SANTA: After all this time...
CHINPEI: I want a Crucian carp set!
KANTA: What are you talking about? There is no Santa!
CHINPEI: No! I'm going to have my dad buy it.
KANTA: I see.
SANTA: That's right. There is no Santa anymore.
GINTOKI: What are you talking about?
SANTA: How can I run in such a world?
SANTA: How can I fly?
BEN: A sleigh...
GINTOKI: A simple request!
OMITTEDGINTOKI: Get on.
SANTA: What are you talking about?!
SANTA: Its former residents are still in it!
GINTOKI: I told you two years ago that he's a fairy called Cardboard Box O-san
SANTA: No way. This is just like two years ago!
BEN: I can buy a sleigh.
GINTOKI: That's not good.
GINTOKI: You've got to work hard when you don't have any money.
SANTA: Why a bicycle-drawn cart again?!
MUSASHI: It's not a cart. It's my sweet home!
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter what you use. All that matters is what you give.
SANTA: But...
GINTOKI: Stop acting so cool.
GINTOKI: You suffered and suffered and now you realize that being a Santa is what you're good at.
GINTOKI: You you know what you want to do now.
GINTOKI: Aren't you glad?
GINTOKI: What's wrong?
YURI: Mommy...Mommy...
SANTA: You're Yuri. You asked for a kendama and a kind mother.
YURI: She's going to give birth!
GINTOKI: This is bad!
BEN: Shall we call an ambulance?
YURI: Mom!
SANTA: No. We don't have time to be waiting for an ambulance!
SANTA: I'll take her!
BEN: All right!
SANTA: Fly!
BEN: All right!
YURI: Mommy! Mommy!
YURI: It'll be all right!
SANTA: Hiyah!
MOTHER: Thank you so much.
MOTHER: Who knows what might have happened if you weren't there...
MOTHER: What do you mean by that?!
GINTOKI: Yeah.
YURI: Thank you.
YURI: Thank you for giving me a cute brother and a kind mother.
SANTA: Of course.
SANTA: Santa will always come if you're a good girl.
SANTA B: Pass!
YAGI: We'll be giving a present...
YAGI: Shinji Takamatsu of Shakuji-machi.
SANTA B: That's right!
KAGURA: They haven't read Shinpachi's letter.
KAGURA: Want me to turn up the TV?
GINTOKI: Naw.
GINTOKI: I want to hear...
GINTOKI: The sound of Santa's bells...
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWGINTOKI: The next episode:
ENDING CREDITSPREVIEWGINTOKI: Let's Talk About The Past Once In A While.
MAN IN BLACK A: She's waiting upstairs.
WOMAN A: Papa! Papa!
WOMAN C: What?! Tanaka?!
WOMAN C: You idiot! Don't just stand there! Bring me the head of the guy who did it!
MAN IN BLACK B: S-Sorry.
WOMAN C: You little turd.
MAN IN BLACK C: You two! Go that way!
MEN IN BLACK: Yes!
MAN IN BLACK D: Hey!
MAN IN BLACK D: Why are you sneaking around? Show yourself!
STAINLESS BOY: Do you know why they call me Stainless Boy?
STAINLESS BOY: That's because my body is made of a specially armored stainless steel.
STAINLESS BOY: That psychogun on your arm is useless.
 KANEMAR: (mono)That's right. I'm the Black Dragon.
 KANEMAR: (mono)The man with a gun for a right hand.
 KANEMAR: (mono)I really got sick and tired of that too much stupid days.
SHINPACHI: What? It's not dondake? I was sure it would win.
SHINPACHI: the Space Buzzword Grand Prix this year.
KAGURA: Umm... What was fourth place? Smegma Prince?
SHINPACHI: Ah. This year we still have that senseless "prince" boom.
KAGURA: Oh. Huh? "Prince" is at number eight.
KAGURA: I believe number four is "Where are the EXLE CDs?"
SHINPACHI: What is that? Is that really popular?
KAGURA: Third place is "My grandson asked me."
SHINPACHI: Why are fourth place and third place connected?
SHINPACHI: It sounds just like an old lady is trying to get an EXLE CD for her grandson.
SHINPACHI: That grandson should buy his own CD.
SHINPACHI: There's no way that an old lady would know about EXLE.
SHINPACHI: Why are comments included in the ranking?!
KAGURA: Number two is... Huh? I can't remember.
SHINPACHI: Don't give up!
SHINPACHI: Why did you give up and buy something else?
SHINPACHI: Why is it my fault?
KAGURA: What is it? Is there an EXLE CD?
SHINPACHI: A photo came out from behind the picture frame.
SHINPACHI: It looks like a pretty old photo.
SHINPACHI: Who is she?
SHINPACHI: Could it be?
SHINPACHI: Huh? You think so? Yeah?
KAGURA: There's no mistake.
KAGURA: That lascivious air about them...
KAGURA: It's pretty effeminate of him to cling to this picture. Isn't it?
SHINPACHI: Quickly! Quickly!
GINTOKI: Hey. I bought some detergent.
SHINPACHI: Gin's here! Hurry! Kagura! Quickly!
KAGURA: Shut up!  I'm putting it back now.
SHINPACHI: Oh! W-Well...
SHINPACHI: Gin! It's not like that! Umm... We didn't see anything!
SHINPACHI: We don't know anything!
KAGURA: Why are you still dragging that around?
KAGURA: That woman probably doesn't even remember you.
SHINPACHI: K-Kagura?!
GINTOKI: Hey. What a great little piece of nostalgia.
GINTOKI: Where did you find this?
GINTOKI: I see. So that's where it was.
KAGURA: That...
GINTOKI: What is it? It's one of the Odd Jobs.
SHINPACHI: Huh? "It's one the Odd Jobs"? But we're the Odd Jobs.
GINTOKI: Now we are.
SHINPACHI: Now we are?
SHINPACHI: A p-p-p-prototype? Hold on. You never told me about that!
GINTOKI: Huh? Didn't I tell you about it?
SHINPACHI: You said before that you had done this by yourself.
GINTOKI: Did I?
GINTOKI: In this business I do whatever people ask me to do.
SHINPACHI: Setting up a new premise is problematic.
SHINPACHI: We've already got 137 episodes to deal with.
GINTOKI: Inoue and Okuda also had times like that.
SHINPACHI: Never heard of 'em. Who are they?
SHINPACHI: It feels kind of refreshing.
SHINPACHI: I never knew we had more senior predecessors.
GINTOKI: Senior? It's not that special.
GINTOKI: It was just a temporary arrangement. We split up immediately.
SHINPACHI: Huh? Then does that mean that that sensual beauty was also a member of Odd Jobs?
GINTOKI: The closest comparison now would be Catherine.
KAGURA: Catherine?!
SHINPACHI: This is Catherine?
GINTOKI: She'd come to clean up once in a while.
GINTOKI: She'd help with the Odd Jobs office work and accounting.
GINTOKI: She was a good woman who'd look after you. Unlike Catherine.
GINTOKI: How nostalgic...
SHINPACHI: Tell us more. What about us? Who filled our positions?
GINTOKI: The Odd Jobs hasn't changed at all. We worked in trios.
SHINPACHI: Oh? Trios?
GINTOKI: They were useless lumps just like you.
SHINPACHI: Kanemaru's totally high-end!
SHINPACHI: What is this?! He doesn't look like a "Kanemaru" at all!
SHINPACHI: He's a "brother"! He looks like he's straight out of downtown LA.
GINTOKI: Kanemaru worked as a no-account waiter.
GINTOKI: He lived an uneventful life.
GINTOKI: But when he got into a virtual simulator to unwind he remembered his true past.
SHINPACHI: What's with the expository tone of voice?
GINTOKI: Kanemaru was so feared in the underworld that his nickname was Black Dragon.
KANEMARU: Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!
KANEMARU: Fuck you!
SHINPACHI: But I don't really understand what "after that" is referring to. What is "that"?
SHINPACHI: But what's "this and that"?
GINTOKI: Adult stuff. You don't want to go there.
GINTOKI: He wasn't bad. What sucked were...his witty jokes.
SHINPACHI: Ah... I see.
GINTOKI: It's just not the Odd Jobs without any witty repartee.
GINTOKI: Yes. I remember he surprised me once when we were at a family restaurant.
WAITRESS: Thank you for waiting.
GINTOKI: The waiter gave me the lasagna
GINTOKI: and gave him the chazuke.
SHINPACHI: Huh? She gave the chazuke to Kanemaru?
GINTOKI: Yes.
GINTOKI: So I had a lasagna that Girolamo or Lana would love.
WAITRESS: Is everything all right?
KAGURA: It's impossible for a foreigner.
KAGURA: Shinpachi is the best at making witty comments.
SHINPACHI: He can speak Japanese?!
WAITRESS: I'm sorry. I'll exchange it.
KANEMARU: No biggie. Just be careful the next time.
KANEMARU: Ah... Japanese people love chazuke the most!
SHINPACHI: That's top class! It's a well-made remark.
SHINPACHI: It's like a witty comment from Kansai itself!
GINTOKI: Kanemaru was from the Kansai region.
GINTOKI: His grandmother was Japanese so he was into Enka and Dotonbori.
SHINPACHI: No such Kansai person exists. He has a psychogun!
SHINPACHI: I've lost all confidence.
GINTOKI: There was someone who filled the Kagura position.
KAGURA: What?!
GINTOKI: Here. The dazzling Ikezawa.
SHINPACHI: He's almost exactly like the other guy!
KAGURA: I'll squirt ya with juice from this tangerine!
GINTOKI: Ow! It got in my eye.
SHINPACHI: And why the hell are all of your people armed with psychoguns?!
GINTOKI: This is Furuhashi. He filled the Sadaharu position.
SHINPACHI: This isn't getting any easier!
GINTOKI: Furuhashi was like a mascot for us.
GINTOKI: He had a very charming personality. His only flaw was his monstrous appetite.
SHINPACHI: I don't want a mascot like him. He isn't all that different from Kanemaru!
GINTOKI: Sorry. My mistake. Here's Kagura's spot.
GINTOKI: The dazzling Ikezawa.
KAGURA: She's not all that. She's just female.
KAGURA: You have no regard for my position if you think she could stand-in for me!
KAGURAKAGURA: She's the same thing!
KAGURA: She just has a sake bottle instead of a psychogun! Gimme a freakin' break!
KAGURA: How is this me?!
GINTOKI: Calm down. Ikezawa used to be a housewife.
GINTOKI: But her husband began cheating on her at work and never came home.
KAGURA: What kind of use of "uh-huh" is that?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry. Ikezawa doesn't drink anymore.
GINTOKI: She recovered and she's getting alimony.
KAGURA: What about that?
SHINPACHI: It's just full of Kanemaru's! It wouldn't sell.
SHINPACHI: They'd never turn this into an anime.
KANEMARU: You bastards! Do you see this old man?!
IKEZAWA: That's my pickled seaweed!
GINTOKI: Hey... What are you eating?!
GINTOKI: Perhaps something like that?
KANEMARU: I don't want to see my sister off while she's in tears.
IKEZAWA: We'll be the villains.
GINTOKI: We're your allies!
GINTOKI: Something like that.
GINTOKI: Take a look at this.
KAGURAIKEZAWA: Wait!
KANEMARU: Tama...
IKEZAWAKANEMARU: Gin...
GINTOKI: You can't tell the difference.
SHINPACHI: There's a huge difference!
KAGURAGINTOKI: Don't say that. They're your seniors.
KAGURAGINTOKI: They're my precious friends with whom I shared countless adventures!
GINTOKI: Look at this. This is when we caught the phantom thief that was terrorizing Edo.
GINTOKI: That was really tough.
GINTOKI: This is when we took down a killer. The morning sun sure was bright.
GINTOKI: This is when we caught a purse-snatcher.
GINTOKI: That old lady was in tears when we brought her stuff back.
GINTOKI: This is when we beat up a pervert. That lady was really grateful.
GINTOKI: This is...What was this? That was the time we did something.
GINTOKI: This is... I kind of forgot.
GINTOKI: Hmm... I'm not sure.
SHINPACHI: They never bonded with you at all!
SHINPACHI: They were just wandering around! They didn't warm up to you at all!
GINTOKI: That's not true.
GINTOKI: but adults leave this much space between themselves when they associate with each other.
SHINPACHI: Those two are getting pretty touchy behind you!
KAGURA: Kanemaru and Ikezawa totally have a thing for each other.
SHINPACHI: leaving Gin by himself.
KAGURA: You've become like Parc Manther from Glope.
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: I'm [censored]!
SHINPACHI: No. I've never seen such a lonely [censored].
GINTOKI: Don't be silly. I'm [censored].
GINTOKI: I don't feel pathetic at all!
GINTOKI: I actually supported their relationship. But as the director of Odd Jobs...
GINTOKI: I warned them not to get wrapped up in their relationship and ignore their work.
SHINPACHI: They didn't just happen to disappear!
SHINPACHI: You still have some terrifying pictures! Black Dragon is drowning here!
SHINPACHI: What are you doing?!
KAGURA: Don't you have even one or two nice stories?!
SHINPACHI: Now I know that Odd Jobs doesn't have anything good in its history!
SHINPACHI: Let's handle the Odd Jobs without him.
KAGURA: We're going to make history!
SHINPACHI: That's right. The main character is just an ornament.
SHINPACHI: People in high positions don't understand that.
GINTOKI: What is it?
GINTOKI: I hope next year will be a good one!
MANAGER: Even a chimp can work a cash register!
MANAGER: You've been here for a year!  How can you not know this?!
MANAGER: You bastard! Still clinging to your gun!
MANAGER: I don't care if you're a hitman or a hit-maker.
GINTOKI: Because of you guys... my awesome chocolate parfait
GINTOKI: spilled on the floor!
 KANEMAR: (mono)this man had eyes that were sharp with seriousness.
 KANEMAR: (mono)That was my first impression to the "otoko."
GINTOKI: Tell your manager that this parfait is on you.
KAMUI: You're in my way.
KAMUI: Move it.
HINOWA: It shines the light of the sun on everyone equally.
HINOWA: But the skies test us at times.
HINOWA: the sun becomes obscured by rain or clouds.
HINOWA: we will never lose our way.
HINOWA: But we did not know at the time
HINOWA: the more distinct the shadows become.
OPENING CREDITSSEITA: Sorry.
SEITA: How depressing.
SEITA: It's pretty empty.
SEITA: I really can't make money going after samurai in this day and age.
SEITA: Even I've got more money.
SEITA: Huh? My wallet... It's gone!
GINTOKI: I guess I'll have a parfait and play some pachinko.
SEITA: That's...
SEITA: My money...
GINTOKI: You thief!
GINTOKI: You chose the wrong person.
GINTOKI: You're a hundred years too early to be stealing my wallet.
GINTOKI: Your work is sloppy.
GINTOKI: important things also fall out of your kimono.
GINTOKI: Give me back the money that was in my wallet.
SEITA: The money? Your wallet was empty to begin with!
GINTOKI: There should have been seventy to eighty thousand in there.
GINTOKI: I was going to pay my rent.
HARURA: You're making a kid pay for your parfait and you're extorting money?
HARURA: What kind of adult are you?!
GINTOKI: The fact that you know you're a kid means that you're already an adult.
GINTOKI: Adults have to accept punishments and responsibility.
GINTOKI: Who're you calling "Bro"?
GINTOKI: I don't remember ever having a filthy little brother like you.
SEITA: Please wait!
GINTOKI: Let go! I hate clingy chicks!
GINTOKI: An area that is ignored by the government and beyond the reach of the law.
GINTOKI: It is a city of eternal night.
GINTOKI: You perverted kid.
GINTOKI: Taking me to a place like this and trying to trick me with sexual pleasures.
GINTOKI: It's pretty nice of you.
GINTOKI: But regular women won't satisfy me.
GINTOKI: You've got to get women of her level.
SEITA: That's impossible. She's out of your reach.
SEITA: That's Hinowa. She's this town's top courtesan.
SEITA: No matter how rich you are or even if you're a lord.
SEITA: She's far beyond your reach.
SEITA: I already have dibs on her.
SEITA: Be sure to list it in the ledger.
SEITA: Isn't it obvious?
SEITA: A woman.
GINTOKI: Huh?
SEITA: I need money in order to meet Hinowa.
OTOSE: This little guy wants to lay the best woman in Yoshiwara?!
CATHERINE: Kids shouldn't get sexually excited!
CATHERINE: Go home and drink your mother's milk!
SHINPACHI: It's not funny. This is six o'clock TV.
SHINPACHI: Do you think that they'd allow that?
KAGURA: Are you panicking because you've been beaten by a kid?
SHINPACHI: I'm not panicking!
KAGURA: What do you mean you're not panicking?
KAGURA: You're totally panicking. You even bit your tongue.
SHINPACHI: Not at all. Huh? So what of it?
SHINPACHI: I could do it whenever I wanted to. I only choose not to.
SHINPACHI: What the hell did you say to me?!
SHINPACHI: Don't make fun of virgins--!
SHINPACHI: Men who stay virgins until they're thirty are called
SHINPACHI: God Hands and are reborn as something called the Kato Taka!
TAMA: I'll add that to my data.
TAMA: Men who are virgins until they are thirty are...
OTOSE: You don't need that sort of information!
GINTOKI: He's even picking pockets to gather money to see a woman.
GINTOKI: He's going to be scary when he grows up.
GINTOKI: Tell us the truth.
SEITA: I...was abandoned by my parents when I was little.
SEITA: I don't remember what my parents looked like.
SEITA: The only person I can remember is the old man who took me in.
SEITA: That old man died three years ago.
OLD MAN: Your parents saved you from the darkness.
OLD MAN: Be proud of them.
OLD MAN: She is shining there as brilliantly as the sun.
SEITA: She might be my mom.
SEITA: That woman might be my mom!
SEITA: I want to see her. I want to talk to her in person.
SEITA: But no matter how many times I call out or yell out to her...
SEITA: she doesn't look my way.
SEITA: I can't reach her.
SEITA: I desperately did anything for money.
OTOSE: You're getting your priorities backwards.
OTOSE: Do you think that your mother would like it
OTOSE: if you did things like that so you could meet her?
OTOSE: I can't give you the money to see a Yoshiwara woman.
OTOSE: But I can help you out a little.
OTOSE: Just don't ever pick pockets again.
SEITA: Thank you. Thank you very much!
SEITA: I told you that it was empty!
GINTOKI: It's interest.
OTOSE: Now let's begin.
TAMA: Understood.
CATHERINE: All right.
SEITA: No!
TAMA: Move your hands.
SEITA: Stop!
OTOSE: It looks pretty good on you.
TAMA: I've eliminated most of the bacteria on him.
TAMA: All that's left is the bacteria between his legs on his scrotum.
CATHERINE: Don't be a smart-ass!
CATHERINE: Come on...
SEITA: Yes!
COURTESAN C: I'll throw in a little extra something.
COURTESAN B: Do you think that you can get away with this in this town?!
COURTESAN B: This is Yoshiwara.
COURTESAN B: It's a different world from the one above.
COURTESAN B: This is the land of women.
TUKUYOMI: You want to buy me?
TSUKUYO: You've already...
TSUKUYO: paid the price.
TSUKUYO: If you don't...
GINTOKI: That kid's holding out pretty long.
GINTOKI: How long has it been since he came here?
GINTOKI: He probably knows he has no way out.
GINTOKI: He's seen quite a lot for a kid.
OTOSE: Seita's changed.
OTOSE: It's great. The look in his eyes has gotten better.
OTOSE: Are you going there?
GINTOKI: Huh? What are you talking about?
OTOSE: Not that.
OTOSE: It's an extraterritorial area that's beyond the laws above ground.
OTOSE: One man is making that possible.
OTOSE: He is the owner of Yoshiwara Shangri-La and the most powerful man in Yoshiwara.
OTOSE: He is the king of the land of eternal night.
OTOSE: Those who have gone after him have never seen the light of day ever again.
MAN B: I wonder what happened to that scruffy kid.
MAN B: Yeah.
MAN B: The dirty kid who brought us money every day because he wanted to meet Hinowa.
MAN B: He's been looking at Hinowa every day
MAN B: He should have enough to at least have tea with her.
MAN B: You can't mean to tell me that you...
MAN B: You're really terrible.
MAN B: So you don't have a single sen of it?
MAN B: That's probably true. Take me with you the next time Seita comes.
GINTOKI: I thought so.
GINTOKI: I never thought that it was possible for Seita to pay to see her.
EMPLOYEE A: You don't need to pay. You made me feel better.
GINTOKI: Do you know Seita?
EMPLOYEE A: He was well-known around here.
EMPLOYEE A: This isn't the sort of place where children come to.
GINTOKI: This is all they have?
EMPLOYEE A: Are you trying to get Hinowa and Seita to meet each other?
GINTOKI: It's a nuisance to have a noisy kid live with me.
GINTOKI: I just came to see if he had any relatives.
GINTOKI: How can someone without money meet Hinowa?
EMPLOYEE A: Hinowa is the highest ranking courtesan in Yoshiwara.
EMPLOYEE A: You have to be a pretty important customer in order to meet her.
EMPLOYEE A: You should probably give up.
GINTOKI: Sorry.
GUARD: Intruder! Intruder!
GINTOKI: Tsk! Things have gotten troublesome!
SEITA: What's this? What's going on?
SHINPACHI: It's hard to walk in this!
HOSEN: Are the Hyakka on the move?
COURTESAN D: It seems that a strange ronin has snuck in.
COURTESAN D: One of the Hyakka was defeated. He's pretty strong.
COURTESAN D: I hear he's looking for Hinowa.
HOSEN: The women are treated as inmates in this prison.
HOSEN: her soul remains unbroken.
HOSEN: She will never lose her true beauty.
HOSEN: All the women in this town have great respect for her.
HOSEN: even though she is beyond their reach.
COURTESAN D: No.
COURTESAN D: but was hired by that child.
HOSEN: That child who said he wanted to meet Hinowa and was hanging around?
HOSEN: So it is him. I had ignored him because I thought it wasn't worth my time.
COURTESAN D: From what I have learned...
COURTESAN D: There's no mistake. He's that child from eight years ago.
COURTESAN D: It's dangerous for Hinowa and that child to come into contact with each other.
HOSEN: Are you saying she'll try to escape with him again?
HOSEN: She won't ever escape.
HOSEN: She knows too much about the underground to live above ground.
HOSEN: We need to keep her in the eternal night until she dies.
HOSEN: Use Tsukuyo.
HOSEN: We can't defeat him unless we use whatever means possible.
HOSEN: Don't let that child or that ronin get back to the surface alive.
SEITA: What?!
SEITA: They used up my money?!
SHINPACHI: Yeah.
SHINPACHI: Those shopkeepers you've been leaving your money with
SHINPACHI: were jerks who would use the brothel's money.
SEITA: Those bastards!
SHINPACHI: It wasn't for nothing. We were watching you.
SHINPACHI: You'd be too embarrassed to meet your mother if you had picked pockets.
SHINPACHI: You were working really hard.
SEITA: What's the point in any of that?!
SEITA: It's meaningless!
SHINPACHI: It has meaning.
KAGURA: Parents and children should be able to see each other whenever they want.
KAGURA: Do you think that granny made you work for her
KAGURA: so you could make some worthless money?
KAGURA: ...will take up...
KAGURA: ...your case.
SEITA: B-Both of you...
SEITA: It's impossible! You can't meet a courtesan without money!
SHINPACHI: Wh-What?!
SEITA: That's... That scar...
KAGURA: Who is she?
SEITA: The Hyakka are a para-military force that punishes those who break the laws of Yoshiwara.
SEITA: She's the Yoshiwara's strongest guard and leader of the Hyakka!
SEITA: She is feared as the Courtesan of Death.
TSUKUYO: I am Tsukuyo.
TSUKUYO: Pleased to meet you!
 Name:  Text
 Name:  Text
 Name:  Text
Abuto: Life is just one important decision after another.
Abuto: Go ahead and see how far your naive decisions can take you.
Abuto: ...hate killing my own kind.
Shinpachi: H-He...
Shinpachi: saved us...
Kagura: Shinpachi...
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Shinpachi: Thank god.
Shinpachi: You're back to normal...
Kagura: I...lost.
Kagura: To my Yato instincts...
Kagura: To my own self...
Kagura: I tried to kill him.
Kagura: After all that preaching I did...
Kagura: from them...from my brother.
Shinpachi: That's not true.
Shinpachi: Sorry...
Shinpachi: It's because I was weak that...
Shinpachi: If only I were stronger...
Kagura: I couldn't see anything...
Kagura: I couldn't hear anything...
Kagura: Your voice...
Kagura: I feel so frustrated.
Kagura: I want to become stronger...
Kagura: Strong enough to protect everyone.
Shinpachi: I feel the same way.
Shinpachi: There are people who need our help.
Shinpachi: There are things even we can protect.
Shinpachi: So let's wipe our tears and go.
Shinpachi: I'm sure we'll become a little stronger.
HyakkaF: Don't let them get to Hinowa-sama!
HyakkaG: Hold them back!
Kamui: So persistent.
Kamui: It's not my style to kill women.
Seita: S-Stop it!
Seita: What's so fun about killing people like that?!
Seita: How can you kill people and just smile like that?!
Kamui: That's harsh. After all I did to bring you here.
Seita: I don't remember asking for it!
Kamui: I pay my respects with a smile when killing.
Kamui: so they can die soundly.
Kamui: I'm kidding.
Kamui: I don't believe in killing children.
Kamui: Come here.
Kamui: You should also smile.
Kamui: You don't want to meet your mother with such a strained look on your face.
Seita: Mom is...here...?
Kamui: she traded her own freedom for yours.
Kamui: She's only a courtesan in name.
Kamui: Hosen locked her up here when he wasn't using her to attract customers.
Kamui: She was allowed no clients nor freedom.
Kamui: Hosen forced Hinowa to rot to death here.
Kamui: In order to protect you.
Kamui: Yet you still came here.
Kamui: Wasting Hinowa's years of hardship and resolve and putting yourself in danger...
Kamui: But you still came to see her.
Kamui: Which means you're resolved in your own way.
Kamui: It's your job to go from here on.
Hinowa: Leave.
Hinowa: You won't find what you're seeking here.
Hinowa: Leave.
Seita: M-Mom...?
Seita: Open up!
Seita: Mo...!
Hinowa: I have no son.
Hinowa: I don't know any dirty brat like you.
Seita: Why do you know...?
Seita: Why do you know I'm a dirty brat?
Seita: but that was so I wouldn't get involved.
Seita: Mom...
Seita: I had no idea...
Seita: that you were suffering here.
Seita: I always wondered why I was the only unfortunate one.
Seita: When I was living in poverty with Grandpa...
Seita: When I was all alone after Grandpa died...
Seita: I blamed it all on you for abandoning me.
Seita: I had no idea.
Seita: I didn't know anything at all.
Seita: That you were protecting me this whole time.
Seita: Now it's my turn!
Seita: I won't leave you in there!!
Seita: This time we'll leave this place for sure!
Seita: Both of us are going up together!
Seita: So mom...
Seita: Open the door!
Seita: Mom!!
Seita: Mo...!
Hinowa: Your mom isn't here.
Hinowa: Didn't I tell you that?
Seita: M-Mom...
Hosen: That's not true.
Hosen: Personally...
Seita: H-Hosen!
Hosen: Take her with you if you want.
Hosen: Hinowa isn't your mother.
Hosen: Your mother left this world long ago.
Seita: What are you...talking about...
Hosen: You think a courtesan of Yoshiwara could give birth to a child unnoticed?
Hosen: But becoming pregnant in Yoshiwara means death for both.
Hosen: So a number of the women hid her and secretly assisted the birth.
Hosen: Yes...
Hosen: Your mother was weak and died after giving birth to you.
Hosen: Just a pathetic women who immersed herself in playing a mother role.
Hinowa: Why...
Hinowa: Why did you come to this place?
Hinowa: Why did you come?
Hinowa: You should have just forgotten about someone like me.
Hinowa: Just knowing you lived up there for the rest of us would have been enough.
Hinowa: I'm not worth risking your life to protect.
Hosen: You won't find your mother anywhere in this world.
Seita: I have a mother!
Seita: Right here!
Seita: My mom is alive!
Seita: Right here!
Seita: The one who delivered me from this eternal darkness to the surface!
Seita: The one who risked her life to give birth to me!
Seita: It doesn't matter if we aren't related by blood!
Seita: This person is my mom!
Hosen: I have no choice.
Hosen: Go meet your real mother in the underworld.
Seita: Th-This is...
GINTOKI: I came cause they said the best woman in Yoshiwara was here.
GINTOKI: But it looks like she's got a kid.
GINTOKI: Those tears prove it.
Seita: M-Mom...?
GINTOKI: One that can withstand some really rough SM play.
Hosen: Who are you?
GINTOKI: Nobody special.
GINTOKI: Just a girl-loving playboy.
Seita: Gi...
Seita: Gin-san!!
GINTOKI: Just get going and don't worry about me.
Seita: But...
Seita: Is it okay for me to go?
Seita: Is it okay for a dirty brat like me
Seita: to call such a beautiful person my mom?
GINTOKI: You called her that all this time and now you're asking?
GINTOKI: Call to her.
GINTOKI: Yell "Mom" from the bottom of your heart.
Seita: M-Mom...
Hinowa: Are you sure?
Hinowa: Calling someone not related to you...
Seita: Mom...
Hinowa: Are you sure?
Hinowa: Calling someone who wasn't able to do anything for you...
Seita: Mom...
Hinowa: Are you sure?
Hinowa: A woman like me becoming your mom...?
Seita: Mom!
Hinowa: Seita!
Kamui: He was the one from when...
Hosen: I see.
Hosen: You're the ronin the child hired.
Hosen: Are you the one who's been running wild around my city?
GINTOKI: Running wild?
GINTOKI: Don't make me laugh.
GINTOKI: I haven't bought a single woman.
Hosen: I see.
Hosen: Then I'll prepare a banquet for you.
Hosen: A banquet of blood.
GINTOKI: I can't enjoy a drink while looking at an old geezer's receding hairline.
GINTOKI: I can't enjoy a drink at a place like this.
GINTOKI: or how much fine liquor you have.
GINTOKI: I won't drink a single drop in your place.
GINTOKI: I can't enjoy a drink poured by women in chains.
GINTOKI: I can't enjoy a drink poured by someone in tears.
GINTOKI: if they serve me with a smile.
GINTOKI: if everyone could drink and laugh.
GINTOKI: if we could drink cheap liquor and watch the moon.
GINTOKI: A woman's tears...
GINTOKI: are too much to go with drinking.
Hosen: So you came to shatter those chains?
Hosen: To free Hinowa...the woman of Yoshiwara from the King of the Night?
GINTOKI: It's not that big a deal.
GINTOKI: I just want a drink.
GINTOKI: And have the finest courtesan serve it to me with one great smile.
Kamui: How amusing.
Kamui: Picking a fight with the King of the Night for the sake of a drink.
Kamui: Guess Earth has its share of amusing people.
Kamui: Don't be so angry.
Kamui: Don't worry. I won't interfere with you anymore.
Hosen: Kamui! What are you after?
Hosen: You want to interfere with me that badly?
Hosen: Or perhaps...
Hosen: Watching that child long for his mother brought back memories of the past?
Hosen: You now feel like atoning for abandoning your sick mother?
Kamui: What nonsense.
Kamui: but she turns out to be a miserable wretch clinging to a dirty brat.
Kamui: This isn't it.
Kamui: The strength I seek isn't for some cheap crap like this.
GINTOKI: Like not hesitating to kill your own sister or father.
GINTOKI: Is that what you mean?
GINTOKI: Talk about ironic.
GINTOKI: there are people with bonds stronger than those between a parent and a child.
GINTOKI: Who knows which would be considered the real family.
Hosen: Very amusing.
Hosen: Why don't you show me how strong those bonds are?
Hosen: Whether you can release them from my chains...
Hosen: or for me to break through their bonds.
Hosen: Let's see who will win!
Hosen: Can a mere Earthling shatter the chains...
Hosen: of the King of the Night?!
GINTOKI: A chain made from a perverted old man's wet dreams?
GINTOKI: I'll break it with a single strike.
GINTOKI: Every night has to end eventually.
GINTOKI: It's time for this city to see dawn.
GINTOKI: and go nighty night!!
Seita: Gin-san!
Seita: G-Gin-san!
Hosen: Ah...
Hosen: So you blocked my attack?
GINTOKI: What the hell...
GINTOKI: One hit...
GINTOKI: One strike and it feels like...
GINTOKI: my body's lost all its energy and stamina!
GINTOKI: This is the power of the man once known as the King of the Yato?
Kamui: You lasted ten seconds against the King of the Night.
Kamui: This is getting interesting.
Kamui: I feel like rooting for you now.
Hosen: Your life has already ended.
Hosen: The second you decided to oppose Yoshiwara...the King of the Night!
GINTOKI: My bones are grating...
GINTOKI: My muscles are crying in pain...
GINTOKI: I'll be crushed in the next moment!
GINTOKI: No time to breath...or even blink!
GINTOKI: A single blow forces my soul from my body!
Seita: Gin-san!
Kamui: That's no fun.
Hosen: It seems you're not just all talk.
Hosen: when you couldn't even protect your own nation from the Amanto.
Hosen: it must turn over its land and its females.
Hosen: Do you understand?
Hosen: or the right to hold women.
Hosen: Because your lands and females all became ours long ago!
Hosen: That's right.
Hosen: They're chained up as my pets.
Hosen: They cannot escape anywhere.
Hosen: And you losers don't have the right to stop me!
Hosen: It's your fault for being too weak to protect anything!
Hosen: A loser should act like one and just suck on his thumb...
Hosen: and watch as this nation and its women are violated by the stronger ones!
GINTOKI: We haven't lost...
GINTOKI: ...I'm still fighting!
Hosen: You son of a...!!
Seita: Gin-san!!
GINTOKI: Stay back!!
GINTOKI: Get going already.
GINTOKI: Take your mom and get outta here!
Seita: N-No!
Seita: Are you telling me to run away by myself and leave you behind?!
Seita: I can't do that after getting you involved in all of this!
GINTOKI: Getting me involved?
GINTOKI: I butted in on my own.
GINTOKI: Get going.
GINTOKI: we'll have come here for nothing.
Seita: No...!
Seita: No way!
Seita: but I'll help you!
Seita: I'll stay with you until the end!
GINTOKI: You stupid...
Seita: You said so!
Seita: That's right.
Seita: Blood doesn't matter.
Seita: You all reformed me from being a thief.
Seita: You all taught me how to lead a respectable life.
Seita: You all kept me...from being all alone.
Seita: Just like Mom...
Seita: Everybody...Gin-san...
Seita: You're all like family to me!
Seita: The one and only people who taught me what's important!
Seita: And you're telling me to abandon you here?!
Seita: To let you die in this place?!
GINTOKI: Hearing you say that is more than enough...
GINTOKI: Get going.
GINTOKI: Don't make me into a loser again.
Seita: Gin-san...
Seita: Gi...
Seita: Gin...!
Seita: Gin-san!!
Tsukuyo: What a joke this is.
Tsukuyo: Where's that sun you promised?
Tsukuyo: I was a fool for expecting anything from you.
Tsukuyo: You...stinkin' big bluff!
Next Episode Title: [The next episode: "Don't Trust Bedtime Stories"]
GINTOKI: I'm still fighting.
GINTOKI: Get going already.
GINTOKI: Take your mom and get outta here!
Seita: No...!
Seita: No way!
Seita: You said so!
Seita: even when people aren't related by blood?
Seita: Everybody...  Gin-san...
Seita: You're all like family to me!
Seita: The one and only people that taught me what's important!
Seita: And you're telling me to abandon you here?!
Seita: Let you die in this place?!
GINTOKI: Hearing you say that is more than enough...
GINTOKI: Get going.
GINTOKI: Don't turn me into a loser again.
Seita: Gin-san...
Seita: Gi...
Seita: Gin...!
Seita: Gin-san!!
Hosen: How pathetic.
Hosen: and you die protecting for someone.
Hosen: You want to find a purpose for your sword so badly?
Hosen: You can't protect anything with a sword like that.
Hosen: Not even your own life.
Seita: G-Gin-san...
Seita: Gin-san!!
Kamui: Do you have time to be crying?
Kamui: A man made a request with his dying breath.
Kamui: Shouldn't you do as he asked?
GINTOKI: Get going already.
GINTOKI: Take your mom and run away!
GINTOKI: Don't turn me into a loser again.
Hosen: A useless effort...
Seita: Mom!
Seita: Let's run away!
Seita: Run away from this place with me right now!!
Seita: Mo...
Seita: ...Mom?
Seita: Why aren't you doing anything...
Seita: Why won't you try to move?
Hinowa: I can't escape.
Hinowa: I can't escape from this place...
Seita: What...are you saying?
Hinowa: You run away by yourself.
Seita: Mo...!
Seita: Wh-What is this...
Hosen: I told you.
Hosen: The woman of Yoshiwara...\NHinowa belongs to me.
Hosen: She cannot escape anywhere.
Hosen: Let alone wings for her to fly with.
Hosen: They were torn into pieces long ago.
Seita: M-Mom...
Hosen: much less walk on her own!
Hosen: She can no longer go anywhere.
Hosen: She cannot escape from me.
Seita: How could you...
Seita: What did Mom ever do?
Seita: Why does Mom have to suffer all alone like this?
Hinowa: It's okay.
Hinowa: That's enough.
Hinowa: I was able to see you.
Hinowa: That's enough for me.
Hinowa: You called me your mom.
Hinowa: That's enough to keep me going...\Nno matter where I am.
Hinowa: So don't mind me and get going.
Hinowa: You're my...
Hinowa: Yoshiwara's... hope.
Hinowa: you are our only child.
Hinowa: We can bear any hardship.
Hinowa: So live in freedom for our sake with all you've got.
Hinowa: Get going already.
Hosen: Just like eight years ago.
Hosen: Entrusting the child with your hopes and letting him escape to the surface.
Hosen: It's exactly the same.
Hosen: A filthy prostitute could never become a mother.
Hosen: You can never be a mother.
Hosen: I'll prove it to you.
Hosen: By killing...
Hosen: that child.
Kamui: Man... Never expected you to be into her this much.
Kamui: I find it hard to believe you were my master.
Kamui: Looks like you haven't made any progress in the past eight years.
Kamui: Ruining a prostitute and taking away her value as an item.
Kamui: Yet you still keep her at your side.
Kamui: ...but as a woman.
Hosen: I need her?
Hosen: What nonsense.
Hosen: You've got it backwards.
Hosen: I obtained with my power.
Hosen: But there is one thing even I cannot obtain.
Hosen: Something not even the King of the Night could bring down...
Hosen: I was forced to run deep into this underground world.
Hosen: our one and only predator!
Hosen: Her noble sight is just like the dreaded sun.
Hosen: My thirst won't quench.
Hosen: No matter how much I drank...
Hosen: No matter how many women I took to my bed...
Hosen: No matter how much blood I spilled...
Hosen: I had to drag the sun down to earth.
Hosen: Not through death...
Hosen: and force Hinowa to yield to me!
Hosen: Pressure her until she broke down into tears and begged me for mercy!
Hosen: I would obtain the sun!
Hosen: There is no other way to quench my soul's thirst.
Hosen: I would break you down and make you mine!
Hosen: Come down to me!
Hosen: You belong to me!!
Seita: Bring it down if you can.
Seita: It doesn't matter how many times you try to bring the sun down.
Seita: I'll clear it up again and again!
Seita: I'll make her smile again and again!
Hosen: Child! You...
Hinowa: You think you can escape from Yoshiwara while carrying an adult?!
Seita: You can scream all you want.
Seita: I was probably screaming like that when I was in Mom's belly.
Seita: Don't just have yourself carry the entire burden.
Seita: A son is supposed to carry a mom or two.
Seita: This isn't heavy at all.
Seita: I've never carried anything before.
Seita: So this is just fine.
Seita: This weight makes me happier more than anything.
Hinowa: S-Seita...
Tsukuyo: That sounds quite encouraging.
Hosen: This is...?!
Tsukuyo: Your mothers... All 49 of them.
Tsukuyo: We're happy to have such a nice son.
Hinowa: Tsukuyo!
Hosen: Fools!
Hosen: What is this?
Hosen: A rebellion?!
Tsukuyo: Don't blame us.
Tsukuyo: We were merely fooled by a rude guest.
Tsukuyo: Bluffing us with a bedtime story about launching a sun into Yoshiwara.
Tsukuyo: Everyone here was tricked by his words.
Tsukuyo: See? It's the guy lying over there.
Tsukuyo: We come here believing in him and this is what we get.
Tsukuyo: What a joke this is.
Tsukuyo: Where's that sun you promised?
Tsukuyo: I was a fool for expecting anything from you.
Tsukuyo: You...
Tsukuyo: Big stinkin' liar!!
GINTOKI: ...I didn't lie.
GINTOKI: The sun did arise.
GINTOKI: All around the place!
GINTOKI: The sun did rise.
GINTOKI: All around the place!
Hosen: Y-You...
GINTOKI: It's so bright I can't even sleep.
Seita: Gi...
Seita: Gin...!
Seita: Gin-san!!
Kamui: So he's still gonna fight.
Tsukuyo: Guess I made a mistake.
Tsukuyo: I thought you were dead.
Tsukuyo: But it doesn't look like you'll be much help.
Tsukuyo: You can barely stand.
GINTOKI: I could say the same to you.
GINTOKI: Nice of you to finally show up.
Tsukuyo: I followed the smoke and crawled back from hell.
GINTOKI: but you took so long so I already sucked on it.
GINTOKI: Though it saved my life.
Tsukuyo: What are you talking about?
Tsukuyo: I don't remember using a dirty pipe like that.
Tsukuyo: My pipe isn't a cheap piece of crap.
Tsukuyo: It was made by the name brand "Bitch".
Tsukuyo: You can't buy one here.
Tsukuyo: ...On the surface.
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: This is why I can't stand women in the night business.
GINTOKI: Talk about being ripped off.
Hosen: You half-dead fools.
Hosen: Why can't you understand?
Hosen: Why don't you die?
Hosen: Why do you stand up?
Hosen: Why do you have that look in your eyes?!
Hosen: Can't stand...
Hosen: I can't stand...
Hosen: those eyes!
Hosen: Get rid of that look!!
Seita: Gin-san!  Tsukuyo-Ne!!
HyakkaA: Fire!
HyakkaA: Did we get him?
Hosen: The thirst...
Hosen: That undeniable thirst.
Hosen: No matter how many times I make them fall...
Hosen: No matter how many times I destroy their hope...
Hosen: They always stand back up.
Hosen: Their eyes are the same.
Hosen: These noble spirits are just like Hinowa's...
Hosen: I don't need it.
Hosen: In this eternal night... I do not need a sun!
Hosen: I'll wipe it out!
Hosen: I'll tear apart that abominable body and spirit.
HyakkaD: Hinowa-sama!
HyakkaD: Bear with us just a little longer!
HyakkaD: Hang in there!
Hyakka: There! The rebels!
HyakkaD: We left behind too many to battle Hosen!
HyakkaD: I didn't think so many would still follow him!
Seita: ...Mom!
Hinowa: We won't be able to escape like this.
Hinowa: Seita... You go on ahead.
Seita: Mom!
Hinowa: Don't worry.
Hinowa: I won't tell you to escape by yourself again.
Hinowa: Let's fight.
Hinowa: You head to the control room.
Hinowa: Defeating Hosen with numbers alone is difficult.
Hinowa: But that doesn't mean we don't have a chance.
Hinowa: Do you know why the King of the Night built Yoshiwara deep underground?
Hinowa: It was made for that man to escape the sunlight.
Hinowa: A Shangri-la built for that man alone.
Hinowa: The Yato have always feared the sunlight...
Hinowa: it was originally a shipyard for building Bakufu ships.
Hinowa: Go to the control room.
Seita: You're telling me to use you as a decoy for that?
Seita: That's...
Hinowa: We won't find freedom if we simply run.
Hinowa: We must fight.
Hinowa: We must fight from inside the cage.
Seita: Mom...
Hinowa: Seita...
Kagura: ...Momma's boy!
Shinpachi: To bring back the sun to Yoshiwara!
Hosen: You bastard!!
GINTOKI: Hold together...
GINTOKI: the soul!
GINTOKI: Cling on! Hang tight! Bite! Pray!
GINTOKI: No matter what happens...
Hosen: It's over...
Tsukuyo: Go!!
GINTOKI: Protect it!!
GINTOKI: but today we have an important message from TV Tokyo.
Both: Okay.
GINTOKI: so listen carefully!
GINTOKI: So here goes.
GINTOKI: and switching to a terrestrial digital broadcast.
Shinpachi: Our TV will stop working.
Kagura: That's true.
Shinpachi: Huh?  Why's that?
GINTOKI: Because this anime...
Kagura: Won't last till 2011.
Shinpachi: That's true.
GINTOKI: You can't blow out my flame.
GINTOKI: I'll burst back into flames every time you blow them out.
GINTOKI: Someone like you can never blow out our flame!
Next Episode Title: ["The Color for Each Person's Bond Comes in Various Colors]
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Sure was fast.
GINTOKI: I hate how the years go by faster as we get older.
GINTOKI: the years will pass at the speed of a Formula 1 car.
Kagura: I've still got a long ways to go.
GINTOKI: My Ben Johnson is already up to here.
GINTOKI: Don't get too cocky because you're all still young.
GINTOKI: Your Ben Johnson will fall behind soon enough.
Kagura: For real?
Kagura: Ben Johnson's gonna fall out?
Kagura: I prefer Carl Lewis over Ben Johnson.
Kagura: He's cooler.
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: It's still February!
Shinpachi: And didn't we have the exact same conversation last year?!
GINTOKI: That's 'cause this whole segment was recycled.
Kagura: Yeah.
Shinpachi: That's even more of a half-assed job!
GINTOKI: They've been working hard on this anime.
GINTOKI: But you know...
GINTOKI: but the staff was like...
GINTOKI: If we don't throw in a little break, we're going to go over budget.
Shinpachi: I keep telling you...
Shinpachi: Stop talking about money on TV.
GINTOKI: Our budget was set on the premise that there would be loads of talking.
GINTOKI: and we're still using a 4:3 aspect ratio.
Kagura: That's perfect for our piece of crap TV.
GINTOKI: We live in a time where there's Hi-Vision and Blu-ray.
GINTOKI: [Note: Hi-Vision is the Japanese equivalent to Hi-Def.]
GINTOKI: Who makes anime that isn't 16:9 these days?
Shinpachi: Wasn't this show supposed to end in March?
GINTOKI: Season 3 ends in March.
GINTOKI: And then Season 4 starts in April.
GINTOKI: [Note: These terms refers to classic Samurai TV shows that have a break between seasons.]
GINTOKI: they threw in "Ohoka Echizen" or "Edo wo Kiru" until the next season started.
Shinpachi: And did you all trick me?!
Shinpachi: You're telling me that whole "Final Chapter" crap was really Season 3?!
Shinpachi: What kind of series finale scam is this?!
Shinpachi: Anyone would be fooled!!
Kagura: Our "Mito Komon style production" plan failed.
GINTOKI: And here we carefully planned out this anime to be a long-running series...
GINTOKI: under the assumption that the manga would run for over three decades!
Shinpachi: Hey! Hey!! HEY!!! Who the hell are you complaining to?!
GINTOKI: the Gin Tama anime will take an alternate route in its fourth year!
Both: Alternate route?
GINTOKI: it must take a roundabout path to stay within reach of the manga before it can rejoin the manga.
GINTOKI: Or the manga ends right when the anime's about to rejoin.
GINTOKI: that they can never rejoin again.
GINTOKI: Or they use the same characters to make a totally different anime.
Shinpachi: But Gin Tama doesn't have that big of a storyline.
Shinpachi: Wouldn't it be hard to make an alternative route?
GINTOKI: That would be...
Shinpachi: That would be?
GINTOKI: That would be...
GINTOKI: We bought ourselves four minutes today.
HyakkaA: We won't let you go to the control room!
Kagura: Damn! One hand short!
Seita: Hurry!
Seita: I'm sure it's right up ahead!
Tsukuyo: Go!!
GINTOKI: Don't give him time to fight back.
GINTOKI: Don't let him breathe.
GINTOKI: There won't be another chance...
GINTOKI: It ends here!
GINTOKI: This is...
GINTOKI: The end!
Hosen: B-Bastard...
Hosen: You...bastard!!
Seita: Is this it?!
Shinpachi: Seita-kun!
Kagura: Hurry!
Seita: I can also...
Hinowa: We must fight.
Hinowa: We must fight from inside the cage.
Seita: Fight!!
Tsukuyo: Fire!
HyakkaB: We finally...did it!
HyakkaB: We defeated Hosen... We finally defeated the King of the Night! We're free!
Hyakka: Now Yoshiwara is... We are...free!
GINTOKI: Not yet!
Tsukuyo: G-Gintoki!
Hosen: Weak! Weak!!
Hosen: You can assemble as many faint rays of light as you want.
Hosen: You still won't be able to dry out the King of the Night!
Hosen: You cannot light up this dark night!
HyakkaB: I-Impossible!
Hosen: You're nothing like the sun.
Hosen: That's what you all are!
Hosen: You should have stayed chained to me with eyes of despair.
Hosen: Though I never expected that you are flames to reignite...
Hosen: from the remains of a fire once extinguished by us.
Hosen: ...dim light of yours!
GINTOKI: Hold it.
GINTOKI: That's enough.
GINTOKI: My life is enough.
GINTOKI: for your cigarettes tomorrow.
Hosen: Is that your so-called "Bushido"?
Hosen: How honorable of you.
Hosen: Offering your own life in exchange for forgiving those women?
Hosen: A futile effort.
GINTOKI: You can't blow out my flame.
GINTOKI: I have a special lighter with me.
GINTOKI: I've got a lighter that can never be extinguished.
GINTOKI: I'll burst back into flames every time you blow them out.
Hosen: Wh...What?!
Hosen: This...!
Hosen: This light is...!!
GINTOKI: Someone like you can never blow out our flame!
ManA: What's with this shaking?!
ManB: Look!
GINTOKI: Someone like you...
GINTOKI: can never blow out our flame!
GINTOKI: Someone like you...
GINTOKI: can never extinguish this light!
Hosen: Th-This is...
Hosen: This light is...!
Hosen: It can't be...?!
Hosen: Th-The sun!!
Hosen: My blood is...
Hosen: My flesh is...
Hosen: My soul is drying up!
Both: Go!
Both: Gin-san!!
Three: Burn off the chains...
Both: of the King of the Night!!
Hinowa: Why are you using an umbrella when it's so sunny?
Hinowa: Why?
ManC: Hey!
ManC: How dare you speak to Lord Hosen like that?!
ManC: She's just a country girl who knows nothing.
ManC: Please forgive her.
Hinowa: Poor thing.
Hinowa: You can't even look at such a beautiful sky.
Hinowa: Why do you live underground?
Hinowa: Do you hate the sun that much?
Hinowa: Or does the sun hate you?
ManD: Stupid brat!
Hosen: I see you're working hard.
ManD: L-Lord Hosen.
Hosen: You're...
Hosen: What did she do this time?
Hosen: Show me what you're hiding behind your back.
ManD: I'm terribly sorry!
ManD: She insisted on giving this to you.
Hinowa: Mister...
Hinowa: I'll help you and the sun make up.
Hosen: Fawning upon the man who took you from your family to sell you off.
Hinowa: It doesn't matter who you are.
Hinowa: It gives light to everyone.
Hinowa: I'm sure it'll warm your chilled heart.
Hinowa: don't hate the sun.
Hosen: My sworn enemy...
Hosen: You still look down on the King of the Night from high above.
Hosen: Indeed...  So aggravating...
Hosen: Yet...
Hosen: What a beautiful sight...
Kamui: How pitiful people are.
Kamui: They always yearn for what they don't have.
Kamui: They always reach out to what can't be reached.
Kamui: What does the King of the Night lack? That would be light.
Kamui: You were thirsty for the sun.
Kamui: you envied and yearned for it more than anyone else.
Kamui: To the sun we could never obtain...
Kamui: To the undying light within their eyes.
Kamui: into this land of eternal night.
Kamui: ...and love.
Hosen: Love?
Hosen: Where did you learn such a word?
Hosen: If you're walking down the same path as me.
Hosen: A person who only knows how to fight.
Hosen: You take everything you want by force.
Hosen: You hold down everything you dislike by force.
Hosen: You can only express love and hate through fighting.
Hosen: you'll find that our path is empty.
Hosen: you lack the arms to hold it.
Hosen: You can only sink your claws into it.
Hinowa: It gives light to everyone.
Hinowa: I'm sure it'll warm your chilled heart...
Hinowa: don't hate the sun.
Hosen: Why...  When I desire you so...
Hosen: I am drying up...
Hosen: I can see nothing at all...
Hosen: This is...
Hosen: This light is...
Hosen: Hi-Hinowa...
Hinowa: I was finally able to show you...
Hinowa: I've wanted to show you this for the longest time...
Hinowa: Show you this sky...
Hinowa: [The next episode: "The Taste of Drinking Under Broad Daylight Is Something Special."]
 Name:  Text
Hinowa: It gives light to everyone.
Hinowa: I'm sure it'll warm your chilled heart...
Hinowa: don't hate the sun.
Hosen: Why...  When I desire you so...
Hosen: I am drying up...
Hosen: I can see nothing at all...
Hosen: This is...
Hosen: This light is...
Hosen: Hi-Hinowa...
Hinowa: I'm finally able to show you...
Hinowa: I've always wanted to show you this...
Hinowa: Show you this sky...
Hinowa: Didn't I tell you?
Hinowa: I'd help you make up with the sun.
Hinowa: I always knew...
Hinowa: No matter how arrogant you may be...
Hinowa: No matter how cruel you may be...
Hinowa: You're not the great King of the Night you claimed to be.
Hinowa: ...A simple old man who just wanted to sleep under the sun.
Hinowa: turning everyone against you...
Hinowa: What a foolish man...
Hinowa: Really...
Hinowa: What a foolish man.
Kamui: Hey!
Kamui: Bravo!
Kamui: A truly brilliant performance!!
Kamui: but I'm truly amazed.
Kamui: Little flames gathered together
Kamui: I never expected you to actually defeat the King of the Night.
Kamui: The long trip was worth it.
Kamui: It's been a while since I witnessed something this entertaining.
Kamui: But I doubt this will be enough to change Yoshiwara.
Kamui: The King of the Night was not the only darkness covering Yoshiwara.
Kamui: and the Bakufu Central Covert Ops.
Kamui: Darkness can be found everywhere.
Kamui: A second or third King of the Night will be born soon enough.
Kamui: Do you think you can eliminate all of the darkness?
Kamui: Do you truly believe that you can change Yoshiwara?
GINTOKI: It'll change.
GINTOKI: A town changes when its people change.
GINTOKI: but their light will never fade again.
Kamui: Really?
Kamui: You sound pretty confident.
Kamui: How about fighting with the second King of the Night right now?
Kagura: Kamui!
Kagura: I'm your opponent!
Kagura: I'll fix that twisted attitude of yours!
Shinpachi: Not in your current condition!
Kamui: This is surprising.
Kamui: You're still alive?
Kamui: It appears that you've gotten a little tougher.
Kamui: I'm the kind of person who saves his favorite part of a meal for the end.
Kamui: Make sure to heal those wounds.
Kamui: ...Until I kill you.
Kagura: Kamui!
Abuto: The sun has risen above Yoshiwara.
Kamui: Who knows.
Kamui: ...Abuto.
Abuto: Aren't you so critical.
Kamui: You were like this when you fought me as well.
Kamui: but losing a fight while holding back your true strength is a disgrace to the Yato.
Kamui: Your love for the Yato blood has lead you to behave in a way shameful to the Yato.
Kamui: Like I said.
Kamui: I have no interest in the weak.
Abuto: I don't recall holding myself back.
Abuto: Though I can't deny feeling that it would be a waste to end such talent in a place like this.
Abuto: You siblings fascinate me.
Abuto: I'm very happy.
Abuto: Promising youngsters coming one after another.
Abuto: We've got a bright future ahead of us.
Abuto: This is your era now.
Abuto: Us old bunnies will be returning to the moon with the King of the Night.
 (: (Note[This is a reference to the Japanese myth of rabbits living on the moon pounding mochi.]
Abuto: Say?
Abuto: What's going on here?
Kamui: Abuto.
Kamui: I felt the same way you did.
Kamui: I became curious of a man's future and couldn't kill him.
Kamui: A man who is truly strong is strong in both body and soul.
Kamui: This man was far from that.
Kamui: He had a fragile body and a weak soul bound by worthless beliefs.
Kamui: Yet that man was able to defeat the King of the Night.
Kamui: Standing every time he was crushed...
Kamui: Overcoming impossible odds...
Kamui: The universe sure is a big place.
Kamui: It's still too early for us to call ourselves the strongest.
Kamui: There were still people in this universe
Kamui: who possessed a totally different form of strength.
Kamui: I can't help but get excited.
Kamui: He's MY prey.
Kamui: I won't let anyone else touch him.
Kamui: Our superiors won't keep quiet once they find out about the changes in Yoshiwara.
Kamui: Which means those guys won't get away easily.
Kamui: I'm not very good at negotiating my way through this world.
Abuto: So come up with a way to keep our superiors and let the samurai live?
Abuto: Why do I have to work so hard for the sake of some barbarian
Abuto: on this remote planet who isn't one of us?
Kamui: Because you're the one who said
Kamui: that you would open the way to becoming the Pirate King of the universe.
Abuto: That's different.
Hosen: you'll find that our path is empty.
Kamui: There isn't anything I want.
Kamui: There isn't any reason for me to look back.
Kamui: I only see what's ahead.
Kamui: A new battlefield spreading before my eyes...
Kamui: That is what I seek.
Kamui: I strive to become stronger than any other person.
Kamui: I move forward to become stronger than anything.
Kamui: Even if I have nothing left to protect when I get there.
Umi: You've found an unbearably hot place to rest.
GINTOKI: The prostitutes...
GINTOKI: They wanted to let him sunbathe in the afterlife.
GINTOKI: So? What do you want?
GINTOKI: Was he a pal of yours?
GINTOKI: Sorry about that.
Umi: So maybe I'll be attending your funeral as well.
Umi: Aren't you happy?
GINTOKI: And making frequent visits.
Umi: I'll use a jet to visit you.
GINTOKI: No. My jet is faster.
Umi: It seems you're as crazy as ever.
Umi: I didn't expect you to take down Hosen.
GINTOKI: That's not funny.
GINTOKI: We just ganged up on him.
GINTOKI: I had no chance on my own.
Umi: but my kid apparently doesn't agree.
Umi: He's saying that he was the one who killed Hosen.
Umi: That Hosen's death was a result of the investigation into Yoshiwara.
Umi: Harusame shunned Hosen's excessive power.
Umi: The credit for the disposal of Hosen gives him total control over Yoshiwara.
Umi: But he didn't do anything to Yoshiwara.
Umi: He's leaving it completely alone.
Umi: That's right.
Umi: He has no interest in Yoshiwara.
Umi: His interest...
Umi: is in you.
Umi: He obtained Yoshiwara so other people wouldn't lay a hand on you all.
Umi: you'll be killed.
GINTOKI: That so?
GINTOKI: Tell him thanks if you ever see him.
Umi: Kagura wants to save him.
Umi: she wishes for her brother to go back to how he used to be.
Umi: What would you do?
Umi: what would you do?
Umi: Earthlings are an odd bunch.
Umi: They make a grave for someone they hated.
Umi: We're no good.
Umi: And I smeared everything in him with black.
Umi: Maybe you could find a different solution.
Umi: I've spoken too much.
Umi: I've warned you.
Umi: As a parent's duty...
Umi: See ya.
Umi: Don't die.
Shinpachi: Isn't that great?
Shinpachi: It all worked out in the end.
Kagura: Those bastards could do whatever they want with this town if they felt like it!
Kagura: And why are they letting us flounder around here?!
Kagura: Are they toying with us?!
Kagura: I'm pissed!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
Shinpachi: What's that supposed to mean?
GINTOKI: You don't need to.
GINTOKI: They should just abandon this town and live on the surface.
Tsukuyo: All of the prostitutes here were sold when they were innocent children.
Tsukuyo: They have no idea how to survive on the surface.
Tsukuyo: Many do not even understand the meaning of freedom.
Tsukuyo: Hinowa stayed because she couldn't abandon those women.
Tsukuyo: We intend to build a new Yoshiwara...
Tsukuyo: A wonderful town we could show to our children without shame.
Shinpachi: So...
Shinpachi: What's exactly changed?
Tsukuyo: And caba*** clubs and gro**** pubs are quite popular. Yep.
Shinpachi: Nothing's changed at all!
Shinpachi: How can you show this to children without being ashamed?!
Shinpachi: You could never explain what this stuff is!
GINTOKI: The problem was that they were being forced to do these things.
GINTOKI: No longer limited to kimonos.
GINTOKI: There are nurse outfits and miniskirt police uniforms and...
Shinpachi: That's a freedom for you!
GINTOKI: They've been released from their chains.
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: We've got a person in chains right here!
Shinpachi: Somebody's choosing to be chained up right here!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: Is Seita-kun really okay here?!
Tsukuyo: Yeah. Seita's fine.
Tsukuyo: He's staying with Hinowa and working at a toy store.
Shinpachi: Whew... That's a relief.
Shinpachi: At least there's a store for kids around here.
Shinpachi: That's just an XXX store?!
Tsukuyo: I see.
Tsukuyo: I'll work harder on the next one.
Shinpachi: You don't have to!
Shinpachi: Are you playing dumb?!
Shinpachi: Are you making fun of me?!
Seita: Gin-san! Everyone!
Seita: Long time no see!
Shinpachi: You! Stop running towards us sounding like a mobile suit!
Seita: I'm going to work hard in this town...
Shinpachi: We've got a problem!
Shinpachi: Gah! Where're you aiming at?!
Hinowa: So what do you think of our town?
Kagura: It's just like some other town.
GINTOKI: Yeah.
GINTOKI: It's just like ours.
GINTOKI: Vulgar and brutal...
GINTOKI: Gentle and cold...
GINTOKI: Smiles and tears...
GINTOKI: And you've got the sun.
GINTOKI: Just a normal town.
Hinowa: Isn't it wonderful?
GINTOKI: ...It's great.
Voices: Ask Mr. Ginpachi!
GINTOKI: Uh...
GINTOKI: We have a question from pen name "Off-season Thunderdome."
GINTOKI: When Kagura's older brother Kamui showed up during a flashback in episode 42, a couple years ago,
Dialogue: 0,0:23:42.39,0:23:47.68,Main02,Gin,0000,0000,0000,,and also when you could see him from behind in a previous ending sequence, I believe his hair was black.
Dialogue: 0,0:23:47.68,0:23:49.98,Main01,Gin,0000,0000,0000,,What is going on here?
Dialogue: 0,0:23:49.98,0:23:51.77,Main01,Gin,0000,0000,0000,,Was I just imagining things?
GINTOKI: You weren't.
Box Caption: [Rejected]
GINTOKI: Uh...The next one is from pen name "Rectal Punch from Hell."
Box Caption: [Rejected]
Shinpachi: Yes...
Both: We want to become stronger!
GINTOKI: The next episode:
GINTOKI: All Adults are Instructors for All Children.
shinpachi: Sorry about making such a racket with my swishing.
shinpachi: Did I wake you up?
Tae: But it's fine.
Tae: Don't mind me. Continue.
shinpachi: I'm sorry. I'll be careful.
Tae: Shin-chan.
Tae: That's not the issue here.
Tae: Changing your cry won't accomplish anything...
shinpachi: I want to become stronger...
Kagura: Stop!
Kagura: Stop!
shinpachi: So I'm not the one being protected all the time...
shinpachi: So I can protect everyone else!
Kamui: ...I don't have use for weaklings.
Kagura: Big...!
Kagura: I want to become stronger...
shinpachi: I'll protect Kagura!
shinpachi: I'll protect the Kagura we believe in!
Kagura: So I won't lose to Kamui... or myself...
Both: Stronger!
Kagura: We...
shinpachi: ...want to become stronger.
GINTOKI: Yeah? Then do it.
GINTOKI: Good luck.
shinpachi: That's all you have to say?
shinpachi: I mean... we had that serious look and all...
shinpachi: Building up to a whole training arc thing after running into enemies stronger than anything we've seen...
GINTOKI: What training arc?
GINTOKI: That's what you guys are about to start?
GINTOKI: Sounds rough.
shinpachi: Isn't there some kind of special training... you know?
shinpachi: That you can teach us...?
Kagura: That's right!
Kagura: We've got lots of tough enemies coming up.
Kagura: We...
shinpachi: ...want to become stronger.
shinpachi: Three months haven't passed!
shinpachi: Only three seconds have passed!
GINTOKI: It's good to be home.
shinpachi: Why does your narration make it sound like you've been training?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: The flow of time here and there is different.
GINTOKI: A month over there isn't even a second over here.
shinpachi: Where is over there?!
shinpachi: You're making no sense at all!!
GINTOKI: we were able to reap the benefits of training three months over there.
shinpachi: We never moved an inch from here!
shinpachi: And where is over there for crying out loud?!
shinpachi: Since when did we train in the Room of Spirit and Time?!
shinpachi: [Note: Room of Spirit and Time - Training space that appears in the Dxxxxn Baxx series.]
GINTOKI: What's wrong with that?
GINTOKI: Let's just say we got it over with.
GINTOKI: It's such a pain.
GINTOKI: I don't wanna do any training.
GINTOKI: It's such a pain.
shinpachi: He just said something a JUMP main character would never say!
shinpachi: He doesn't have a shred of ambition!
Kagura: Have you forgotten the three principles of JUMP?!
Kagura: Friendship!
Kagura: Effort!
Kagura: Victory!
Kagura: You can't have victory without effort!
Kagura: You can't defeat stronger rivals if you have no ambition!
GINTOKI: No way...
GINTOKI: Sounds like a pain.
GINTOKI: It's a pain.
GINTOKI: For example...
GINTOKI: Giving an example is a pain.
shinpachi: How much pain are you in?!
GINTOKI: You just wanted to talk about training.
GINTOKI: They're them. We're us.
shinpachi: Mom?!
shinpachi: You're saying things like a mom when you're just a lazy bum!
GINTOKI: Stop clinging to a slogan from dozens of years ago.
GINTOKI: The world has moved on.
GINTOKI: Ibaragi is dead.
GINTOKI: [Note: This is referring to Masahiko Ibaragi - Former editor-in-chief of Shonen JUMP]
shinpachi: He hasn't died yet!
shinpachi: He's working hard as the editor-in-chief for JUMP SQ!
shinpachi: [Note: JUMP SQ is a Monthly JUMP magazine targeted for older teens and young adults.]
GINTOKI: That's not going to get you ratings.
GINTOKI: are shows with flashy special attacks and effects...
GINTOKI: [Note: Example used here is from Dxxxxn Baxx's Kamehameha]
GINTOKI: Or the training itself is innovative. It only works for a select few.
GINTOKI: [Note: Example used here is from JxJx's Bxxxxxe Adventure Part 2 training.]
GINTOKI: It's an area beyond our reach.
shinpachi: This guy's despicable.
shinpachi: He's bringing up shady topics just because he doesn't want to train.
GINTOKI: Or what?
GINTOKI: Of course you don't!
Kagura: I do too!
Kagura: I do have an actual plan!
GINTOKI: Oh? Then let me hear it.
Kagura: Camp out in the mountains.
GINTOKI: Typical.
GINTOKI: And? What do you do there?
Kagura: With bears.
GINTOKI: Where you fight bears to hone your natural instincts?
GINTOKI: That's old.
GINTOKI: That idea's been done to death.
Kagura: Where it holds your feet as you do sit-ups.
GINTOKI: Use the bear more effectively!
GINTOKI: How can you use a bear that way?!
GINTOKI: That's such a waste!
GINTOKI: Let the bear do its thing!
GINTOKI: You call that doing its thing?!
GINTOKI: Why is the bear training now?!
GINTOKI: You could do kind this kind of stuff in a gym!
GINTOKI: A fitness instructor could handle that!
GINTOKI: You need something different...
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: You're not even doing anything anymore!
GINTOKI: And you're back from the mountains!
Kagura: It's pretty innovative!
GINTOKI: It's way too innovative!
GINTOKI: You're not even training!
GINTOKI: Not doing anything!
Tae: You really are the son of a samurai.
shinpachi: S-Sis...
Tae: Why didn't you come to me sooner?
shinpachi: I-I'm sorry.
shinpachi: I guess I was embarrassed or I wanted to keep it a secret...
GINTOKI: You say that when I'm sitting right here?
Tae: Leave it to me.
Tae: I promise I'll help you two become a top-notch samurai.
Tae: The desire to become stronger and the desire to become more beautiful
Tae: there's something more important than limiting how much you eat?
Tae: That would be to picture what you look like after you've lost weight.
Tae: You could say that your goal is to reach that ideal.
Tae: The same goes for becoming stronger.
Tae: Picture a basic image of how you want to become.
Tae: Write down how you want to become stronger on this sheet of paper.
shinpachi: Hmm... I see.
shinpachi: A perspective only a woman could have.
Kagura: I've never thought of it that way.
Kagura: This is pretty hard.
shinpachi: Why are you the first one to finish writing?!
shinpachi: And he doesn't look like he has any intention of becoming stronger!
Kagura: I'm also done.
shinpachi: Can we move past that already?!
shinpachi: Why are you so focused on training a bear instead of yourself?!
shinpachi: And what's that blood around his mouth?!
shinpachi: Don't tell me it's that instructor?!
shinpachi: Is it that fitness instructor?!
Tae: You're still holding back.
Tae: You need to get over being shy.
shinpachi: Is that the problem here?!
Tae: you might as well not have a goal.
Tae: You need to keep your feet on the ground when you set your goal.
shinpachi: Isn't this a totally different person...
shinpachi: No... a totally different life form?!
shinpachi: And how did you draw this in such a short time?!
shinpachi: That's amazing!
shinpachi: Huh? Wait...
shinpachi: Heyyyyy?!
shinpachi: Why is that instructor here?!
Tae: It came to save him after seeing him attacked by the bear.
shinpachi: Why are you picking up the story where the last picture left off?!
shinpachi: Why is this turning into a picture story?!
Hasegawa: You'll never get stronger by taking drawing lessons.
shinpachi: Hasegawa-san!
shinpachi: [Everything turns to ashes.]
shinpachi: What the hell is that?!
Hasegawa: A great player may not necessarily become a great coach.
Hasegawa: I can still offer shining guidance to a few lost lambs as your elder in life.
shinpachi: No way!
shinpachi: You're leading us into the fires of hell!
shinpachi: The whole story's drawn there!
Hasegawa: Just listen...
Hasegawa: Listen up.
Hasegawa: by trying to climb a huge mountain in one go
Hasegawa: or trying to reverse a situation in one shot will definitely slip.
Hasegawa: But then they get cocky and throw big money after the same dark horse.
Hasegawa: Luck doesn't strike twice.
shinpachi: You're saying the whole world should burn in hell just from losing in a horse race?
Hasegawa: I'm saying that I can't beat people who work their way up little by little.
Hasegawa: That's right.
Hasegawa: Those who want to instantly become strong
Hasegawa: can never defeat those who have worked hard year after year.
Hasegawa: Got it?
Hasegawa: Training isn't something that you just start today or tomorrow.
Hasegawa: You begin training the day you're born.
Hasegawa: Every little task you do can be considered training.
Hasegawa: The point is to consistently perform these those tasks on a day-to-day basis.
Hasegawa: Have you heard this story before?
Hasegawa: The man who was a neat freak would always sit down when taking a piss.
Hasegawa: So he wouldn't splatter any on the floor.
Hasegawa: A very slight difference.
Hasegawa: One that wouldn't attract anyone's attention.
Hasegawa: But what do you think would happen if this continued for several decades?
Hasegawa: While the dirty slob's legs became thicker as he aged.
Hasegawa: One did his business standing. One did his business sitting.
Hasegawa: One who used his muscles. One who didn't use his muscles.
Hasegawa: Who could predict that such a slight difference
Hasegawa: would end up...
Hasegawa: determining the victor in the Battle of Sekigahara.
Hasegawa: [Note: The Battle of Sekigahara - The decisive battle that made way for the Tokugawa Shogunate.]
Hasegawa: Yes.
Hasegawa: The two men were Ieyasu Tokugawa and Mitsunari Ishida!
shinpachi: Stop lying!
shinpachi: How could you know how Ieyasu and Mitsunari took a piss?!
shinpachi: How could a kick determine victory in a battle?!
Hasegawa: The Battle of Sekigahara went into overtime
shinpachi: Why?!
shinpachi: And this has nothing to do with penalty kicks!
Hasegawa: he was standing as he pissed to build leg muscles.
shinpachi: That's normal!
shinpachi: That wouldn't be called training!
shinpachi: It's too normal!
Hasegawa: The story continues...
Hasegawa: [Note: Tenkai was a Buddhist monk who is said to have served Ieyasu.]
Hasegawa: Ieyasu learned this secret form of training from a monk named Tenkai...
shinpachi: What the hell were those monks preaching?!
Hasegawa: was rumored to be the man responsible for the Incident at Honno-ji and later killed by Hideyoshi...
Hasegawa: [Note: Incident at Honno-ji is a historical event where Nobunaga Oda was assassinated by Mitsuhide Akechi at the Honno-ji temple.]
Hasegawa: Mitsuhide Akechi's...
Hasegawa: fitness instructor.
Hasegawa: [Note: There is a theory in Japanese history of Tenkai possibly being Mitsuhide Akechi.]
shinpachi: You again?!
shinpachi: I've never heard a rumor like that!
shinpachi: And how long are you people going to drag on that instructor thing?!
shinpachi: Have you been cursed by that instructor or something?!
Katsura: There's no need for shouting.
Katsura: It's merely nonsense from a commoner.
Katsura: Only a samurai can guide you down the path of a samurai.
shinpachi: Katsura-san!
shinpachi: He's...!
shinpachi: He's using rain to cleanse the city DORK burned down!
Katsura: Leader.
Katsura: Shinpachi-kun.
Katsura: I shall teach you the knowhow of the samurai!
Katsura: Hasegawa-san is correct.
Katsura: Training should be a part of your daily life.
Katsura: Is the strength you seek merely physical strength?
Katsura: Is that what you seek from training?
Katsura: Right.
Katsura: The true purpose of training
Katsura: is to push you to your limits
Katsura: and discover your true self that remains hidden in ordinary times.
Both: Your true self...
Katsura: Exactly!
Katsura: Yes! You will attain true strength!
Katsura: He was a white-collar worker.
Katsura: Never late. Never absent.
Katsura: An excellent job performance.
Katsura: but anyone that looked would find him a dull person.
Katsura: It was a bone-chilling winter morning...
Katsura: The man attempted to get on the usual train at the usual station at the usual time.
Katsura: But the difference was the presence of an old man standing in front of him.
Katsura: This was rush hour.
Katsura: Under normal circumstances that would be impossible.
Katsura: That was when the man thought...
Katsura: I'd rather get off at the next station and turn back instead of bothering all these people.
Katsura: And then it was the next station...
Katsura: And the next...
Katsura: Yes... What's wrong with being late today?
Katsura: And he finally arrived
Katsura: at the beach.
Katsura: that he was such a tiny existence...
Katsura: That he'd been living in his own little world...
Katsura: And so the man quit his job and went on a journey.
shinpachi: Why?!
Kagura: Wow!
shinpachi: No!
shinpachi: You're not supposed to be impressed by that!
shinpachi: And your flashbacks are always too long!
shinpachi: And why would his true self be a bear?!
shinpachi: Why are you making connections with Kagura-chan's picture?!
Katsura: [Note: Mega Drive was called Sega Genesis in the United States.]
shinpachi: That's not a reason!
Katsura: But the bear's really strong.
shinpachi: That's simplifying things too much!
Katsura: Then I'll get to the subject at hand.
Katsura: What training is required to become a true samurai.
Katsura: you should be able to become a true samurai like us.
shinpachi: We'll go through your former training...?
GINTOKI: That training's too dangerous.
GINTOKI: It's still too early for them...
Katsura: They can handle it.
Katsura: They do not merely seek strength.
Katsura: Gintoki.
Katsura: They want to fight by your side.
Katsura: Do you think a little hardship will be enough to beat them down?
Katsura: You should know the answer very well.
Katsura: I like the look in your eyes.
Katsura: I'm going to throw this rock that has "Katsura" written on it outside.
Katsura: There's only one stone.
Katsura: Whoever doesn't bring it back doesn't get dinner tonight.
Katsura: I can tell from the handwriting.
shinpachi: What is this?!
shinpachi: What is this training?!
shinpachi: We've definitely seen this before!
Katsura: What?
Katsura: Has someone ripped me off?
shinpachi: You're the one who ripped it off!
Katsura: That's odd.
Katsura: I remember our teacher doing the same...
shinpachi: What?
shinpachi: Are you trying to say that you're a student of Master Roshi?!
shinpachi: [Note: Master Roshi. Character from Dxxxxn Baxx.]
GINTOKI: That's totally wrong.
GINTOKI: You're the fool.
Katsura: Huh?
Katsura: This wasn't how it went?
GINTOKI: It wasn't.
GINTOKI: It was a mistake to lend the entire Dragon Boozu series to an idiot like you.
GINTOKI: [Note: Dragon Boozu is a Gin Tama parody of Dxxxxn Baxx.]
shinpachi: Right?
shinpachi: I almost thought you became strong through this copycat training.
GINTOKI: It was totally different.
GINTOKI: Nothing like this.
shinpachi: Heeyyy!
shinpachi: I told you to drop it already!
shinpachi: And where did these people come from?!
GINTOKI: I'm going to throw this instructor that has "Gin" written on it outside.
shinpachi: Why are the instructors the ones being thrown?!
GINTOKI: The instructor on the back of the person who doesn't return them doesn't get dinner.
shinpachi: Why?!
shinpachi: The instructor didn't do anything wrong!
GINTOKI: And you won't be able to pick up a random instructor and write "Gin" on it.
shinpachi: There aren't random instructors standing around!
GINTOKI: I can tell from the handwriting.
shinpachi: You can tell from the instructors' faces!
shinpachi: I can't take this anymore!
Kagura: We were fools for asking you people!
shinpachi: We won't depend on anyone else!
shinpachi: We'll find our own method of becoming stronger!
shinpachi: Thank you very much!
Kagura: Just wait and see!
Kagura: We'll become so strong you'll be shocked!
GINTOKI: That's how it should be.
Katsura: You must choose your own path by yourself.
GINTOKI: They've cleared the first stage of training.
Tae: I won't go easy on them if they whine.
Hasegawa: We're always watching over them.
All: your instructors in life.
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: I think we screwed up.
Hijikata: Looks like we've been captured.
Okita: Yes. And after getting the spotlight for the first time in 19 episodes.
Hijikata: The next episode:
Hijikata: Zip Up Your Fly Nice and slowly. Women wouldn't understand.
Hijikata: This is...
Okita: You're awake?
Okita: I think we screwed up.
Hijikata: Ow.
Hijikata: I can't remember anything.
Hijikata: Feels like I was hit in the head.
Hijikata: What happened?
Hijikata: Where are we?
Hijikata: Why are we chained up in here?
Okita: Someone attacked us from behind during our night patrol...
Hijikata: Bastard...
Hijikata: So we've been captured.
Okita: Yes.
Okita: I don't know where we are.
Okita: Probably a room in some ruin.
Okita: We're definitely somewhere remote of human life.
Okita: I yelled at the top of my lungs and got no response.
Okita: It appears that the people who captured us aren't around either.
Hijikata: Damn it!
Hijikata: We've really lost our edge.
Hijikata: Who the hell did this?!
Jigzaw: It appears you understand your current situation...
Jigzaw: Shinsengumi Vice-Chief Toshiro Hijikata-kun...
Jigzaw: And 1st Division Captain Sogo Okita-kun.
Hijikata: Who the hell are you?
Jigzaw: Pleased to meet you.
Jigzaw: My name is Jigzaw.
Hijikata: Jigzaw?
Hijikata: You're the one who's behind this crap?
Hijikata: Another Anti-foreigner Faction?
Hijikata: You must be one hell of a coward to hide behind a mask on that monitor.
Jigzaw: Your current look becomes you.
Jigzaw: But you shouldn't be snarling at me right now.
Jigzaw: Shouldn't you be wagging your tail and begging for your life?
Hijikata: What was that?!
Hijikata: Get your ass down here!
Jigzaw: A mere joke. No need to throw a hissy fit.
Jigzaw: I merely wanted to imitate those patriots.
Jigzaw: I am not one of those barbaric Anti-foreigner Faction members.
Jigzaw: and I have no reason to oppose you.
Jigzaw: I just happen to be a fan.
Jigzaw: I always see the exploits of the Shinsengumi on TV and in the newspaper.
Jigzaw: You and your comrades have endured all sorts of hardship because of your trust in one another.
Jigzaw: An iron bond that cannot be broken.
Jigzaw: That is what has drawn my intense attraction.
Jigzaw: A true fan would want to see it in person.
Jigzaw: the Shinsengumi station where your comrades are
Jigzaw: will be blown to smithereens by a time bomb I have placed.
Jigzaw: The bomb has been placed in the communications room.
Jigzaw: You are the only ones who know.
Jigzaw: Which would mean that you're the only ones who can stop it.
Hijikata: Wh-What are you trying to...
Jigzaw: This is a game.
Jigzaw: I want to play a game to test how strong your bond is.
Jigzaw: You are the only ones who can save your comrades.
Jigzaw: Don't worry. This is a game.
Jigzaw: A game with no goal is no fun.
Jigzaw: I've prepared a goal.
Jigzaw: There's a passageway under this monitor.
Jigzaw: I've placed the key at the end of the passage.
Hijikata: This is as far as the chain goes.
Hijikata: We can't reach back there.
Hijikata: Stop messing with us!
Hijikata: How are we supposed to get back there?!
Jigzaw: The two of you are bound by one chain that's wound around a pipe.
Jigzaw: you may be able to reach it.
Hijikata: Stop giving me crap!
Hijikata: I'm on the wall! On the wall!
Hijikata: Sogo! You bastard!
Hijikata: What are you doing?!
Okita: I'm almost there.
Hijikata: Don't be stupid!
Hijikata: Are you trying to crush me to death?!
Hijikata: You're not going to reach it!
Hijikata: He's tricking you!
Hijikata: That guy just wants to have fun toying with us!
Hijikata: The bomb at the station could just be a lie!
Hijikata: Calm down for a second!
Jigzaw: but that key is the only way out of here for you two.
Jigzaw: I apologize.
Jigzaw: I need to correct myself.
Jigzaw: That key is the only way out of here for one of you.
Hijikata: One... of us?
Hijikata: What do you mean?
Jigzaw: Those shackles on you contain a bomb set to go off under a certain condition.
Jigzaw: The condition for explosion is the unlocking of the other person's shackles.
Jigzaw: whoever's left will...
Jigzaw: die.
Hijikata: There's nothing wrong with playing along once in a while!
Hijikata: It wasn't easy making it big in the city after moving from the country!
Hijikata: Y-You bastard!
Jigzaw: Why don't you show me how your bond will guide you through this trial?
Mom: Hiro-kun! Dinner's ready!
Hijikata: Hey! Why'd he cut off there?!
Hijikata: His mom?
Hijikata: Who the hell is he? What does he want?
Hijikata: How dare he make fools of us!
Hijikata: Why did this happen...
Hijikata: Why are we in this situation...
Hijikata: Why...
Hijikata: Why did it have to happen when I was with this guy...
Hijikata: I'm dead.
Hijikata: He's always wanted to get rid of me.
Hijikata: He's pulled all kinds of crap to try to take the position of Vice-Chief from me.
Hijikata: and the fact that I'm his superior
Hijikata: combined to stop him when things got dangerous.
Hijikata: He killed me to save everyone.
Hijikata: He killed me to stop the bomb.
Hijikata: This is dangerous. Very dangerous.
Okita: Hijikata-san. Hijikata-san.
Hijikata: Wh-What is it?
Okita: You okay over there? Seemed a little spaced out.
Okita: Don't tell me that imitation psycho's got you spooked.
Hijikata: Hell no! Don't look down on me!
Hijikata: Damn bastard looking down on me!
Hijikata: I'll kill you bastard!
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: Could we stop standing like this?
Hijikata: That's right.
Hijikata: It's okay now.
Hijikata: Then we'll go at the same time.
Hijikata: Relax at the same time.
Hijikata: On the count of three.
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: Do you think I'm going to go for the key the second you relax?
Hijikata: And I don't want you suspecting me.
Okita: Give me a break.
Okita: You don't have to worry this time.
Okita: The Shinsengumi's in serious trouble.
Okita: This isn't the time for us to be fighting amongst ourselves.
Hijikata: I can differentiate between serious parts and gag parts.
Hijikata: Don't get the wrong idea.
Okita: You just jumped.
Okita: I just have to take a piss.
Okita: I was out cold since yesterday so it's been a day since I've gone.
Okita: You should probably take care of it while I am.
Hijikata: I'm said I'm not jumpy!
Hijikata: Don't look down on me.
Hijikata: Cut it out already.
Hijikata: I'm not doing this because I'm jumpy.
Hijikata: Hurry it up.
Hijikata: Finish my business while he's still going.
Hijikata: Wait!
Hijikata: Could this be... a trap?
Hijikata: Wait. Calm down.
Hijikata: Drag this out as long as I can.
Hijikata: Don't release until I can be sure he's urinating.
Hijikata: Release when he does.
Hijikata: No piss. He isn't pissing!
Hijikata: So this is a trap.
Hijikata: I was about to be fooled.
Hijikata: ...Sogo! Too weak.
Hijikata: I'm not going to fall for your scheme...
Hijikata: I-It...
Hijikata: It's stuck!
Hijikata: Damn it!
Hijikata: I zipped up too fast because I was worried about giving him a chance!
Hijikata: G-Get a grip.
Hijikata: Don't let me know anything's wrong.
Hijikata: That'll give him a chance.
Hijikata: It's okay.
Hijikata: He hasn't noticed.
Hijikata: H-He tricked me!
Hijikata: That bastard!
Hijikata: That was a feint?!
Hijikata: It's too late for me to go now.
Hijikata: He'll definitely finish first.
Hijikata: And I can't piss a single drop in this intense pain!
Hijikata: Was this all part of his plan?
Hijikata: That would be impossible for me to deal with.
Hijikata: I have to give up on taking a piss.
Hijikata: But I can't let him know.
Hijikata: Need to pull myself together.
Hijikata: Show no weakness! Don't give him a chance!
Okita: Must have had a bunch built up.
Okita: Might have been a whole liter.
Hijikata: Not sure if I had that much...
Hijikata: About three drops...
Okita: Of what?
Jigzaw: Good day.
Jigzaw: It's a beautiful morning.
Jigzaw: How do you feel after spending half a day here?
Jigzaw: That chain is made from a special alloy.
Jigzaw: And this room doesn't contain anything that will help you escape.
Jigzaw: Besides for the key.
Jigzaw: It would be much more productive to discuss which one of you will die.
Jigzaw: You should hurry.
Jigzaw: There are less than sixty hours to the explosion.
Jigzaw: All of the members of the Shinsengumi will lose their lives.
Hijikata: What are you after?
Hijikata: What's so fun about this?
Jigzaw: I am Jigzaw.
Jigzaw: An empty existence born from nothingness.
Jigzaw: I have nothing.
Jigzaw: Neither dead nor alive.
Jigzaw: Neither blood nor flesh nor bone can be found under this mask.
Jigzaw: Which is why I wish to know.
Jigzaw: What lies within humans.
Jigzaw: What lies in the depths of the human heart.
Jigzaw: What I may find under that skin.
Jigzaw: You can sound hopeful...
Jigzaw: You can hide behind a mask of ideals...
Jigzaw: But humans will abandon it all once they're cornered.
Jigzaw: Revealing the ugly face behind the mask.
Jigzaw: My empty heart is finally filled when I see the ugly entrails spread along the floor.
Jigzaw: That is my sole amusement.
Jigzaw: You are fortunate people who have been invited to my game.
Jigzaw: Entertain me... with your lives.
Mom: Hiro-kun!
Mom: What time do you think it is?!
Mom: Get up already.
Mom: You'll be late for school...
Hijikata: His nothingness was just on camera!
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: We don't have time to worry about that fool.
Okita: Let's keep working.
Hijikata: Yeah.
Hijikata: Bastard... When is he going to show his true colors?
Hijikata: He hasn't let a thing slip.
Hijikata: but he's paid no heed to my caution and been like that all night.
Hijikata: Does he really intend for both of us to escape this place?
Hijikata: We need that key to escape from this place.
Hijikata: But why won't he move?
Hijikata: What is he thinking?
Okita: Bastard... When is he going to show his true colors?
Okita: He hasn't let a thing slip.
Okita: I've given him so many opportunities.
Okita: He had many chances to go for the key.
Okita: But why won't he act?
Okita: What is he thinking?
Hijikata: I'm ready for you.
Hijikata: But not to die after being betrayed.
Okita: I'm prepared.
Okita: But not to die after being betrayed.
Both: I'm set to kill you once you betray me.
Okita: It'd be simple to get the key before him.
Okita: But that's what the imitation psycho wants.
Both: I'll pretend to do the right thing till the end.
Both: I need him to play the traitor.
Both: I just have to wait until he makes his move.
Hijikata: You aren't the only one with a reason to eliminate an obstacle.
Okita: Act. Make your move.
Both: The second you draw your sword will be your last second!
Hijikata: He isn't making a move.
Hijikata: He must be hesitating because I'm being too vigilant.
Hijikata: I need to actively attempt to create a chance.
Hijikata: A chance for him to take advantage of me.
Hijikata: I need to prepare plenty of bait.
Hijikata: You've been at it since yesterday.
Hijikata: Your body won't hold up at this rate.
Hijikata: You'll be a burden if you can't move your legs when we escape.
Hijikata: Get some sleep and let me take over.
Okita: The area by the key looks cool and refreshing.
Hijikata: What's with this guy? He won't make a move.
Okita: I understand.
Okita: Then I'll accept your offer and sleep.
Okita: Please don't run away by yourself while I'm asleep.
Okita: I'm exhausted so I'll be sound asleep and hard to wake up.
Hijikata: It'll be really hard to wake up once I've fallen asleep.
Hijikata: I doubt anything could wake me up.
Hijikata: I said that I'm sleeping.
Hijikata: I can barely keep my eyes open.
Hijikata: Why won't he make a move?
Hijikata: Why doesn't he take this chance?
Both: waiting for me to betray him?
Hijikata: We'll both sleep.
Okita: Kondo-san and the others may come to save us while we're sleeping.
Okita: His own life and the lives of the Shinsengumi are on the line.
Hijikata: Good night then.
Okita: Good night.
Both: He'll definitely betray me.
Both: He'll hop out and go for the key before five minutes have passed.
Okita: Good morning.
Both: H-Half a day's gone by!
Both: And I didn't get a wink of sleep!
Hijikata: All that standing around expecting him to betray me or jump out any second wasted so much time.
Hijikata: I managed to get some rest.
Okita: How could I...
Okita: I wasted precious time and energy...
Both: No doubt about it.
Both: This bastard doesn't intend to betray me.
Hijikata: What's going to happen if you don't betray me?
Okita: Hurry up and betray me.
Hijikata: Don't be ridiculous.
Hijikata: I absolutely won't betray you.
Hijikata: I'll stick with you to the very end!
Jigzaw: 48 hours until the Shinsengumi station goes boom.
Jigzaw: Well?
Jigzaw: Have you decided which one will die?
Okita: Nobody's going to die.
Okita: Both of us will escape from this place.
Hijikata: Th-That's right!
Hijikata: The two of us will stop the bombing of the Shinsengumi station together!
Jigzaw: I'm impressed that you can still cling to those ideals.
Jigzaw: Do you truly believe you can escape without that key?
Hijikata: We'll find a way if we work together.
Okita: That's right.
Okita: Don't look down on us.
Okita: We will never betray each other!
Jigzaw: I see.
Jigzaw: Which means you don't need this key.
Hijikata: Wh-What?!
Okita: Th-That's...
Okita: The next episode:
Okita: When breaking a Chuubert in half, the end with the knob should blah blah blah.
 Name:  Text
Jigzaw: and locked up in a deserted building.
Jigzaw: But only one person can use the key to unlock his chains and escape the room.
Jigzaw: the Shinsengumi station will be blown to pieces by Jigzaw's bomb.
Jigzaw: Kill one comrade to save the others.
Jigzaw: That would be the game of death Jigzaw has given the Shinsengumi to test their strong bond.
Jigzaw: And as for the new assassin Jigzaw has unleashed...?
Jigzaw: What will happen to the Shinsengumi?
Hijikata: Why are you doing the summary?!
Hijikata: You're the one who set this whole thing up!
Hijikata: Why are you talking like you have nothing to do with this?!
Hijikata: The hell is wrong with your head?!
Jigzaw: I'm being considerate for the audience who missed the previous episode.
Jigzaw: We want to help them understand what's going on.
Hijikata: How come you're nice to the audience?!
Okita: Th-That's...
Hijikata: Wh-What...
Jigzaw: I would like to introduce...
Jigzaw: Isn't he adorable?
Jigzaw: He has an odd habit.
Jigzaw: He always tends to pick up shiny objects when we go for a walk.
Hijikata: N-N-N-N-Not good!
Hijikata: This is bad!
Hijikata: Very bad!
Hijikata: He's definitely going to take it!
Hijikata: This isn't the time to whine about details!
Hijikata: Getting backstabbed is no longer the problem!
Hijikata: No more escape or preventing the station from blowing up!
Okita: Are you scared about the key being taken?
Hijikata: Huh? What?
Hijikata: No way. Not at all.
Hijikata: What are you talking about?
Hijikata: I said we didn't need it.
Hijikata: It's totally unnecessary.
Okita: That's right.
Okita: We don't need that traitor's tool.
Hijikata: Don't need it.
Hijikata: We'll break out of here with our own power.
Okita: Hijikata!
Okita: Move one step.
Okita: I'll instantly purge you as a traitor!
Hijikata: Sogo!
Hijikata: Do you understand the situation we're in?!
Okita: Hurry up!
Hijikata: Don't be so stubborn!
Hijikata: Please betray me already!
Hijikata: K-Kickzaw!
Hijikata: Wait!
Hijikata: Sit! Stay!
Hijikata: Shake hands! Stay!
Hijikata: Stay! Stay!
Hijikata: Can't you hear what I'm saying?!
Hijikata: He stopped.
Hijikata: What a relief...
Hijikata: K-Kickzaw!
Hijikata: Safe...
Hijikata: D-Damn it!
Okita: Hijikata!
Okita: You've finally showed your true colors!
Hijikata: I-It'd be dangerous if the dog swallowed it.
Okita: Wh-What are you doing?!
Okita: W-Water...
Okita: Somebody give me water...
Hijikata: I-It's useless...
Hijikata: My body won't listen to me...
Okita: We've spent two days beating on this pipe without any sleep.
Okita: It's been three days since we've had anything to eat...
Okita: Yet we haven't even found a single clue to aid our escape.
Hijikata: The fate of the Shinsengumi rests on our shoulders...
Hijikata: Less than 24 hours left before the station will be blown up...
Hijikata: We have to hurry...
Hijikata: Hurry up and escape...
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: Your mask is half off.
Jigzaw: You have less than a day left
Jigzaw: till the station explodes.
Hijikata: He's eating a Chuubert!
Hijikata: It's like he's tired of pretending to be a mysterious character!
Jigzaw: Oh?
Jigzaw: It appears that you two will collapse before the station does.
Jigzaw: Are you hungry?
Jigzaw: Do you want some water?
Hijikata: I'm pissed! He's pissing me off!
Jigzaw: Fools.
Jigzaw: yet you threw it away...
Jigzaw: but you are the first ones with such a thick mask.
Jigzaw: but that wouldn't make for a fun game.
Jigzaw: I shall give you one last chance.
Jigzaw: Okay?
Jigzaw: There are lockers on each side of you.
Jigzaw: Check the locker furthest in.
Jigzaw: I've placed another key item there for helping you escape.
Jigzaw: Now go.
Jigzaw: The time has come to shed those fake masks.
Jigzaw: Show me your true selves!
Jigzaw: The ugliness hidden behind those masks!
Mom: [Note: Famitsu is a popular video game magazine in Japan.]
Jigzaw: What? My mom? What are you talking about?
Jigzaw: I have no mother.
Jigzaw: The neighbors are so loud.
Hijikata: We already saw her face so let us say hi.
Jigzaw: I said she's not my mom!
Dad: Hiroshi!
Dad: I need to talk to you.
Dad: It seems that you were absent from school again today.
Hijikata: Your dad?!
Hijikata: Now your dad showed up!
Jigzaw: Stupid hag!
Jigzaw: Don't go spilling everything! And don't...
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: There's nothing mysterious about that guy!
Hijikata: He reads Famitsu!
Hijikata: He only acts strong when he's talking to his mom!
Hijikata: He's the one who's letting his mask fall off!
Hijikata: A fridge...?
Hijikata: Is this some kind of trap?
Okita: Let's open it up.
Hijikata: That guy's gotta be plotting something...
Okita: I'm opening it.
Okita: This is...!
Hijikata: What?
Okita: A Chuubert. Grape-flavored.
Hijikata: How is that supposed to help?!
okita: He probably didn't want us to starve to death before the game ended.
Hijikata: Then give us something more substantial!
Hijikata: Lower?
Hijikata: Lower is longer?
Hijikata: What are you talking about?
Okita: You drink it from here.
Okita: Just break here...
Hijikata: Hah? You snip off this part and suck on it! That's what makes it a Chuubert!
Hijikata: It's a Chuubert cause you suck on it till there's only flavorless ice left.
Okita: Chuuberts are usually broken in half and split.
Okita: I used to have big arguments with my sister about who would get which half.
Hijikata: Break it in half every time?
Hijikata: Then what are all the only children in the country supposed to do?
Okita: They can just get their hands all sticky.
Okita: That's fine.
Okita: That is where you're supposed to hold it.
Hijikata: You have to consider when people just drink them as a cold liquid.
Okita: Do you have a fever or something?
Okita: Chuuberts are supposed to be frozen.
Hijikata: This protruding edge is supposed to be cut.
Okita: I don't care what anyone says. That's where you hold it.
Okita: Or it wouldn't look like a nipple.
Okita: Huh?
Okita: Nipple? You mean?
Hijikata: What are nipples meant for?
Okita: Ah.
Hijikata: That's right!
Hijikata: Nipples are supposed to be sucked! Got it?
Okita: Then can I have the longer upper part?
Okita: The part with the nipple?
Hijikata: Let's use rock-paper-scissors to decide.
Hijikata: Say... He mentioned something about another item.
Hijikata: We've got a coping saw here.
Hijikata: Are we supposed to cut through the chain with this?
Okita: He was the one who said the chain wouldn't be easily cut through.
Hijikata: Can't cut through this...
Hijikata: It's no use.
Hijikata: A futile effort.
Hijikata: The only other thing to cut is...
Hijikata: Sogo?!
Hijikata: Get a grip! Hey!
Okita: Looks like I can't go on anymore.
Hijikata: Get a hold of yourself!
Hijikata: I'll give you a drink of this Chuubert!
Hijikata: Come on! Get a grip!
Hijikata: It's pretty much melted already.
Okita: I can't drink it.
Hijikata: You...
Okita: you don't hesitate to offer the longer side of the Chuubert.
Okita: I'd drink both sides myself.
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Okita: I always couldn't stand that side of you.
Okita: The guy who did things I couldn't understand.
Okita: The guy who wouldn't do what I wanted.
Okita: I've pestered you this whole time to drag you down.
Okita: I was probably just jealous...
Okita: ...jealous of the guy who could easily do the things I couldn't.
Okita: ...of the guy who possessed what I didn't.
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Okita: Sorry about causing you so much trouble...
Hijikata: When... When did you start talking like that to me?
Hijikata: This isn't like you.
Hijikata: You're not cut out for this stuff.
Okita: I feel the same way.
Okita: But I have to tell you now...
Okita: It feels like I won't get another chance.
Hijikata: S-Stupid!
Hijikata: Don't get all weak on me!
Hijikata: Don't act so pathetic just because you've missed a few meals!
Hijikata: Get a grip!
Hijikata: You're not going to die from this!
Hijikata: Come on!
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: Don't you understand?
Okita: I don't need this anymore.
Okita: What I need is over there.
Okita: You've probably realized what the coping saw is for.
Okita: It's not for cutting the chain or the pipe.
Okita: It's to cut off one of our heads.
Okita: He's intent on making us kill one another.
Hijikata: Shut up.
Hijikata: Just drink the Chuubert.
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Hijikata: I told you to shut up.
Hijikata: Hurry up and drink this.
Okita: It's the only way out of this place.
Hijikata: Shut up...
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Hijikata: Didn't you hear me tell you to shut up?!
Hijikata: This is an order from the Vice-Chief.
Hijikata: I won't let that happen.
Hijikata: I won't let you die for that stupid bastard.
Hijikata: I won't let you or anyone at the station die!
Hijikata: You're going to leave this place with me alive!
Hijikata: Don't give up.
Hijikata: There has to be a way.
Hijikata: A way for both of us to escape this place.
Hijikata: Hold on.
Hijikata: There might be something else we can use.
Hijikata: I'll find a way out of here without fail!
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Okita: It ended up being like Jigzaw said.
Okita: I had to remove my mask at the very end.
Okita: I showed you a side of myself I never wanted you to see.
Okita: Please forget everything I just said.
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Okita: Please take care of the Shinsengumi...
Jigzaw: I didn't expect your bond to be so strong.
Jigzaw: The purpose of the game was
Jigzaw: but I didn't expect him to choose his own death to save you.
Jigzaw: Your bond is truly strong.
Jigzaw: Or perhaps I should say his bond for you was strong.
Jigzaw: He didn't only save your life.
Jigzaw: He must have known that you are a coward.
Jigzaw: He died so a coward like you would be able to take his head.
Jigzaw: You are obligated to carry through with this.
Jigzaw: Put on the mask of deceit and live for your friend's sake.
Hijikata: That should be obvious.
Hijikata: I'm heading off to sever a head.
Jigzaw: His head is on your shoulder.
Hijikata: This isn't the head I'm after.
Hijikata: The one I want to cut off
Hijikata: is the one wearing that filthy mask!
Jigzaw: You can't escape from that place on your own.
Jigzaw: You should know that after being chained...
Jigzaw: What?! I-Impossible!
Jigzaw: There's a crack in the pipe!
Jigzaw: Are you saying that the pipe couldn't bear the extensive beating which was believed to be futile?!
Jigzaw: I-I-Impossible!
Jigzaw: He escaped on his own power!
Hijikata: He still has a slight pulse.
Hijikata: I won't let you die...
Hijikata: I'm not going to let anyone die!
Hijikata: C-Crap!
Hijikata: A-At this rate...
Hijikata: I have to...
Hijikata: I have to do something about the chain!
Okita: It was fun.
Okita: Come play with me again?
Okita: I feel sick.
Okita: You did a great job.
Jigzaw: What are you talking about?
Jigzaw: You put on a convincing act yourself.
Jigzaw: You were even acting when you talked to yourself.
Jigzaw: Like you didn't know me at all.
Okita: Have to deceive even the audience.
Jigzaw: I see.
Jigzaw: I thought you just weren't planning ahead.
Jigzaw: I'm impressed!
Okita: I was considering this guy with curly silver hair.
Okita: He should provide plenty of fun.
Jigzaw: Good work then!
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: If You Can't Beat Them, Join Them.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Good evening.
GINTOKI: I'm Gintoki Sakata.
Shinpachi: I'm Shinpachi Shimura.
Kagura: I'm Kagura.
GINTOKI: for a fourth year on this program last month...
Shinpachi: and just a few days ago...
Shinpachi: and we will be showing an emergency special program entitled "Looking Back at the Gin Tama Anime."
GINTOKI: We deeply apologize for changing the program from the original listing in the TV guide.
Shinpachi: Now that we suddenly find ourselves on the final episode...
Shinpachi: When you look back at three years of the Gin Tama anime?
Kagura: I feel pretty empty right now.
Kagura: Everything seems so stupid.
Kagura: Like a bunch of idiots.
Kagura: I never expected it to end this way...
Shinpachi: Kagura-san...
Shinpachi: You're right.
Shinpachi: We got carried away because of decent DVD sales.
Shinpachi: there was a flood of phone calls and letters.
Shinpachi: It was a circus at TV Tokyo and Sunrise.
Kagura: [Note: Space Battleship Yamato and Mobile Suit Gundam]
GINTOKI: Yes.
GINTOKI: And now we join those great works.
GINTOKI: Let's be positive.
GINTOKI: So here's the final episode.
GINTOKI: We can't change what's already been settled.
GINTOKI: There's no point in whining about it.
Kagura: We will now show the original final episode that would have been shown at the end of the fourth year.
Shinpachi: Please enjoy yourself.
GINTOKI: And now we present the final episode of the Gin Tama anime.
Takasugi: Our long relationship
Takasugi: ends here.
Takasugi: Allow me to end
Takasugi: the long nightmare you've been having.
Takasugi: I simply destroy.
Takasugi: ...Everything!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Kagura: And today is the day Shinpachi is leaving on his journey.
Kagura: Shinpachi!
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan.
Kagura: Sorry about that.
Kagura: I had to go buy this.
Shinpachi: What is this?
Kagura: Pickled seaweed.
Kagura: They won't sell this where you're going.
Shinpachi: Pickled seaweed...
Kagura: Huh? Where's Gin-chan?
Otose: He's nowhere to be found.
Otose: Who knows what he's doing?
Catherine: It's almost departure time.
Kondo: That stupid Odd Jobs man picked a great day to go missing...
Shinpachi: It's fine.
Shinpachi: Gin-san already told me everything he has to say.
Shinpachi: But with his broad shoulders.
Shinpachi: Gin-san...
Shinpachi: I understood every single word you were trying to say.
Shinpachi: Which is why I'll be able to move forward on my own.
Shinpachi: With the spirit of a samurai in my heart...
Kagura: Gin-chan never showed up.
Otose: that guy...
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: G-Gin-san...
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: These are the last words I have for you!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi...
GINTOKI: You're... a XXX.
GINTOKI: Okay?
Shinpachi: Gin-san...
Shinpachi: I have no idea what you said.
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: What is this mess?!
Shinpachi: Who's going to accept a final episode like this?!
Kagura: Feels like they just glossed over the important stuff and dragged out the pointless stuff.
GINTOKI: It can't be helped!
GINTOKI: Grown-ups have their own circumstances to deal with.
GINTOKI: based on something that's still running!
Shinpachi: Don't be so blunt about it!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: so do a proper job of it!
Kagura: Seriously.
Kagura: Shinpachi had so much screen time it was pissing me off.
GINTOKI: Then we'll start over from the top.
Shinpachi: And now we present the final episode of the Gin Tama anime...
Kagura: One more time...
GINTOKI: Here we are.
Takasugi: I simply destroy.
Takasugi: Over and over again!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Why did this happen...?
Shinpachi: Gin-san.
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Shinpachi: Gin-san...
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan.
Shinpachi: Okita-san! Hijikata-san! Kondo-san!
Shinpachi: Hasegawa-san!
Shinpachi: It can't be... It can't be...
Shinpachi: Why...?
Shinpachi: Why did this happen...?
Shinpachi: This wasn't the end I wanted.
Shinpachi: I just wanted to follow in my father's footsteps and restart his dojo.
Shinpachi: I just wanted to become a strong samurai.
Hijikata: You're regretting it now because you weren't ready to die.
Otose: You should just give up on that half-assed dream.
Kondo: Shinpachi-kun.
Hasegawa: A DORK like me has managed to survive this long.
Hasegawa: Things will work out.
Kagura: Don't worry.
Kagura: and everything else that was part of your original background.
Shinpachi: Is it really okay?
Otsu: You idiot! You're popular enough.
Otsu: [Note: First part is a famous scene from Neon Genesis Evangelion and the second part is the Japanese title for Diff'rent Strokes]
Otsu: You really shined when you were cheering me on.
Otsu: Your character stood out!
Shinpachi: I see.
Shinpachi: It's okay...
Shinpachi: I don't have to be a samurai.
Shinpachi: I have Otsu-chan!
Otae: Congratulations.
Katsura: Congratulations.
Hijikata: Congratulations.
Catherine: Congrazz.
Otose: Congratulations.
Okita: Congratulations.
Kondo: Congratulations.
Hasegawa: Congratulations.
Kagura: Congratulations.
GINTOKI: Grats.
Shinpachi: Thank you!
Shinpachi: That was a blatant rip-off!
GINTOKI: Huh? Of what?
Shinpachi: Obviously a straight copy of E**!
Shinpachi: [Note: Last episode of Neon Genesis Evangelion TV series]
GINTOKI: Really?
GINTOKI: and we'll have another business opportunity.
Shinpachi: How desperate are you?!
Shinpachi: Do you have no shame or respect?!
Kagura: Start.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Hasegawa: Here's your order.
Hasegawa: How are you feeling?
Katsura: I still haven't fully recovered from the injuries from that battle.
Katsura: It'll be a while before I'm back to top form.
Hasegawa: I see.
Katsura: But I'm relieved.
Katsura: Elizabeth was able to survive by becoming a cyborg.
Okita: I wonder what that guy's doing now.
Hasegawa: His dream was to fly around the world.
Katsura: He can do it.
GINTOKI: Come on.
Shinpachi: That's creepy!
Shinpachi: It's supposed to say Fin or End!
Shinpachi: What the hell is death supposed to mean?!
Shinpachi: And what was with that final episode?!
Kagura: How did you know?
Shinpachi: It's damn obvious when you look at the lame story!
Shinpachi: I refuse to accept that as the final episode!
Shinpachi: Then the real final episode will be this one!
Takasugi: Like I said...
Takasugi: I destroy over and over again...
Kagura: This is bad!
Kagura: We have to...
Kagura: We have to do something!
Kagura: Pachie!
Pachie: What do I do?
Pachie: I can save everyone if I use that power...
Pachie: But I...
Papa: you will never be allowed to return to the human world.
Pachi: But...  But!
Pachi: I'm the only one who can save everyone!
Shinpachi: Magical Yun Yun Pachina!
Shinpachi: I'll use my Lame Four-eyes Power to make the world a peaceful place!
GINTOKI: What the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: Takasugi...?
GINTOKI: What's with that getup?
Pachie: I'm sorry.
Pachie: I can no longer be with everyone.
GINTOKI: Hey! Listen to me!
Pachie: Goodbye!
Pachie: Buh-bye.
GINTOKI: Hey!
Kagura: For real!
Kagura: Now you're just a lame four-eyes who's lost his identity as a straight man!
Shinpachi: Who cares?!
Shinpachi: Isn't this the final episode?!
Shinpachi: So what if I play dumb?!
Jump: Hey!
GINTOKI: Wh-What?!
Jump: I've been standing here listening to y'all for a while now...
Jump: Today's the final episode of the Gin Tama anime?
Jump: Who gave you permission to say that?
GINTOKI: You're...
Shinpachi: That face is...
Kagura: The famous...
All: Thing from JUMP!
Jump: I'll ask you one more time.
Jump: Who gave you permission to make this the final episode?
GINTOKI: Well...
GINTOKI: It can't be helped.
GINTOKI: After what happened to Sunrise...
Jump: Don't lie to me!
Jump: I know the truth.
Jump: so you're going to force the broadcast to end while the manga goes on.
Jump: This guy coughed up the whole story.
GINTOKI: Elizabeth!
Jump: Now look here.
Jump: This fake final episode that came out of your scheme to end the show
Jump: is not something grown adults should be broadcasting over the air!
GINTOKI: But isn't it okay now?
GINTOKI: We've worked hard for three years.
Kagura: We've still got the Mito Komon plan where we're off half the year.
Kagura: That's right.
Kagura: Why don't we start rebroadcasting popular episodes next week?
GINTOKI: That sounds good.
GINTOKI: And we'll be able to stock up on budget and original material!
Elizabeth: Ouch.
Jump: Well?
Jump: Are you going to do the fourth year next week?
Jump: Or not?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Shinpachi: Yes!
GINTOKI: Kagura!
GINTOKI: Let's go!
GINTOKI: Our journey has only begun!
Shinpachi: Give up already!
Shinpachi: Nobody believes you anymore!
Shinpachi: And it's the final stage before it's even started?!
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: A conversation with a barber during a haircut is the most pointless thing in the world.
Shinpachi: [New TV Show]
Shinpachi: The land of the host.
Shinpachi: [Note: Spoof of Episode 3]
Shinpachi: are now filled with words by hosts from foreign countries.
Shinpachi: The two of them still run in this corrupt night town.
Hosts: And drink! And drink!
Hosts: Drink until you puke!
Hosts: Drink until you puke!
Hosts: Chug one! Chug two! Chug-a-choo-choo!
Hosts: And chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
Charismatic host: You idiot!
Charismatic host: Why can't you do this?
Shinpachi: I-I'm sorry.
Shinpachi: Being the number one host is the only thing I've ever done...
Charismatic host: That number one stuff and your customers are all gone!
Charismatic host: How long are you going to act as if you're popular? Huh?
Leopard Amanto 1: Come on now.
Leopard Amanto 1: Just leave it at that.
Leopard Amanto 1: Don't bother with the drinks. Just get me a light.
Shinpachi: Oh... All right. Right away.
Leopard Amanto 1: I can't help but want to mess with him.
Shinpachi: My position and customers have been taken away.
Shinpachi: I have abandoned my pride and everything else.
GINTOKI: Hey.
Shinpachi: He was too fierce to be called a host.
Shinpachi: But too focused to be called a customer.
GINTOKI: Where's your restroom?
shinpachi: He was just passing through!
Kid: Here!
Old man: [Note: Mitarashi are sweet soy sauce flavored dango.]
Old man: 240 yen exactly.
Old man: Please come again!
Barber: Do you know why Chonmage turned into something that involved shaving?
Barber: [Note: Chonmage is the traditional Japanese topknot hairstyle worn from the Edo to Meiji period.]
GINTOKI: People started growing pimples on the top of their head or something?
Barber: Like the spirit of a samurai.
[Note: [Note: Mage is short for Chonmage]
Barber: Now they want their hair all curly or dyed.
Barber: Wouldn't the Land of Samurai be shocked to know?
Barber: It's a disgrace.
Barber: Isn't that right?
Barber: So what'll it be today?
GINTOKI: A straight perm.
GINTOKI: You can tell that story for the rest of your life and I still won't ask for a Mage.
GINTOKI: A straight perm.
Barber: That won't be enough to fix your hair.
Barber: Your twisted personality is twisting your hair.
Barber: Just go with a Mage.
Barber: We have to fix you from the inside.
GINTOKI: Cut it out already.
GINTOKI: A Mage is the spirit of a samurai?
GINTOKI: That's just an excuse those balding oldies came up with.
GINTOKI: This isn't a receding hairline.
Dialogue: 0,0:05:40.76,0:05:42.00,Main01,Gintoki,0000,0000,0000,,It's so I can wear the helmet.
Barber: You have no idea.
Barber: You don't shave your head so you can put the helmet on.
Barber: You become bald because you're wearing a helmet.
Barber: Rubens *******ello...
[Note: [Note: Jacques Villeneuve. Also Formula 1 driver]
Barber: Going airtight can lead to scary results.
GINTOKI: F1 drivers don't tie their hair back.
Barber: See?
Barber: We can all go bald together.
GINTOKI: What's that?
GINTOKI: Some kind of human instrumentality project?
[Note: [Note: From Neon Genesis Evangelion]
Kagura: Huh?
Kagura: That's not cleaned up at all.
Kagura: He'll have to come get it cut again in no time.
Kagura: Cut it shorter.
GINTOKI: Mom?!
Kagura: One that takes a really long time.
GINTOKI: Why are you trying to read all of Golgo 17?
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of Golgo 13]
GINTOKI: This isn't a manga cafe!
Kagura: What?
Kagura: I'm in the middle of the episode "Shen Long".
[Note: [Note: Dragon god from DRAGON BALL.]
Kagura: Golgo has accepted an offer to fight Shen Long for control of the school!
Barber: Read as long as you want.
Kagura: For real?
Barber: Golgo 17 is a wonderful manga.
Barber: You'll become smarter.
Barber: You'll become the prime minister.
Barber: But your mouth will become crooked.
Barber: Go ahead.
Barber: Abu-san's another good manga.
Barber: Who would have thought that they could go thirty years just by catching abu.
Barber: [Note: Abu is horsefly in Japanese. "Abu-san" manga is really about a baseball player. This manga has been serialized in Big Comic Original since 1973.]
Barber: He's already passed his sixtieth birthday.
Shinpachi: I can't even imagine what that manga's about.
Barber: Feel free to come read whenever you like.
Barber: A new beauty parlor...
Barber: I guess they call them hair salons now?
Barber: Or is it hair cut studios?
Barber: ...was built across the street.
Barber: but their business is through the roof.
Barber: They charge outrageous prices while providing half-assed service for their customers.
Barber: A barbershop isn't just for cutting hair.
Barber: It's a place for people to interact with one another.
Barber: People would gather to have fun.
Barber: I cared more about that aspect than being fashionable or whatnot.
Shinpachi: Pops...
GINTOKI: Could you cut my hair already?
Shinpachi: Don't worry.
Shinpachi: We don't come here for the sole purpose of getting our hair cut.
GINTOKI: Human interaction is important.
GINTOKI: But...
Barber: What?!
Barber: You're right.
Barber: Abu-san volume 7 is missing!
Barber: What is going on here?!
Kagura: I don't see it anywhere.
Barber: I-Impossible...
Barber: Why volume 7...
Barber: Then I'll go run and buy volume 7!
Barber: Look after the store for me!
Kagura and Shinpachi: Roger!
GINTOKI: Cut my hair!
GINTOKI: Where's Pops?
Shinpachi: He went to buy volume 7 of Abu-san so he should be back soon.
Shinpachi: He told us to look after the store for him.
Barber: Abu-san!
GINTOKI: Why would a barber ditch his customer to go buy Abu-san?
GINTOKI: Why do I have to put up with this when I came here to get a haircut?
Shinpachi: I wonder if there's anything we can do.
GINTOKI: That guy doesn't give a damn about being a barber or human interaction or anything!
GINTOKI: He only cares about Abu-san!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: It's Kondo-san.
Shinpachi: I wonder what he's doing over there.
Kagura: He's walking back and forth in front of the salon.
GINTOKI: What's that gorilla doing?
GINTOKI: Don't tell me he wants to get a makeover.
GINTOKI: He wants to shed his gorilla skin and become a higher-evolved gorilla?
Kagura: Huh? He turned back.
Kagura: Huh? He's not going in.
Kondo: Huh? Is this the right place?
Kondo: Did I make a mistake...
GINTOKI: He's scared stiff.
GINTOKI: Moron.
Shinpachi: That's more sad than pathetic...
Shinpachi: I feel like rooting for him.
Employee: Do you need something?
Kondo: Ah! Excuse me!
Kondo: I-I heard that a n-new barbershop was built around here!
Kondo: D-Do you know where it is?
Kondo: I-I happen to be d-desperately looking for a new b-barbershop!
Kagura: You know it's the place.
Kagura: Just go in already.
Kagura: Just get to the point.
GINTOKI: He was denied!
GINTOKI: He was casually denied access and directed to a different shop!
Kagura: The gorilla was just dissed.
Kagura: Dissed gorilla.
Kondo: Huh?
Kondo: Uh...
Kondo: Is that right?
Kondo: The one over there.
GINTOKI: He's tearing up!
GINTOKI: It hurts to watch him!
GINTOKI: Stop! Stop!
GINTOKI: Now he's being lied to!
GINTOKI: Being denied with a blatant lie!
Kondo: So that's it.
Employee: how to use the protein in hair to make meat and soy sauce.
Kondo: See? Nice and healthy!
Kondo: It's so hard it gives me trouble!
Employee: so could you stop hanging around here?
Employee: but stalking is despicable.
Kondo: No! No! No! No!
Kondo: What?!
Customer: Huh?!
Kondo: Please wait!
Kondo: But this time...
Employee: I'm going to call the cops.
Kondo: Huh? Wait...
Kondo: The cops...?
Kondo: I'm a cop...
Employee: Get lost!
Employee: I'll crush you for real.
All: Get lost! Get lost! Get lost! Get lost!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Am I crying?
GINTOKI: What is this feeling?
GINTOKI: It's really uncomfortable.
GINTOKI: What is this?
GINTOKI: What are we supposed to do?
GINTOKI: What should we do?
GINTOKI: Hey?
Shinpachi: This is terrible!
Shinpachi: You have to feel bad for him this time!
Kagura: I'm gonna go beat the crap out of those people!
Shinpachi and Kagura: Huh?
GINTOKI: Listen up.
GINTOKI: Men are stupid creatures who have a need to put on airs.
GINTOKI: We'll pretend that we didn't see anything.
GINTOKI: We didn't see anything today.
GINTOKI: Got it?
Shinpachi: Kondo-san's coming over here...
GINTOKI: What? He's coming?
GINTOKI: Hold on!
GINTOKI: This is going to be awkward!
GINTOKI: I have no idea how to deal with him!
GINTOKI: We can't just make fun of him like usual!
GINTOKI: I don't want to finish him off when he's on the verge of death!
GINTOKI: What do I do?!
Guntoki: What should I do?!
Kondo: Excuse me.
Kondo: I don't have an appointment...
Kondo: Is that okay?
Kondo: Excuse me.
Kondo: I don't have an appointment...
Kondo: Is that okay?
GINTOKI: Could you come back tomorrow?
Kondo: Even a dirty place like this won't even take me.
Kondo: I'm like a gravely ill patient being tossed from hospital to hospital like a hot potato.
Shinpachi: Ah! Wait! Wait!
Shinpachi: We were just on the phone and everyone's canceled!
Kagura: Come in! Come in!
Kondo: Oh? It's okay?
Shinpachi: Of course! Of course!
Kagura: Come on! Sit down over here!
GINTOKI: What are you guys doing?!
Shinpachi: It's impossible!
Shinpachi: I can't do it!
Shinpachi: I can't turn him away!
GINTOKI: Do you either of you know how to cut someone's hair?
GINTOKI: You bring him in by yourself and make me do the hard work?!
Shinpachi: We have to do something for him!
Shinpachi: I feel so bad for him.
Shinpachi: We can't turn him away like this!
Kagura: It'll work out somehow!
Kagura: We can do this if we work together!
Shinpachi: That's right!
Shinpachi: Dreams can come true!
GINTOKI: Why are you trying to sound like that "time does not betray dreams" stuff?!
GINTOKI: [Note: This is a phrase by Leiji Matsumoto. He has sued Noriyuki Makihara for using this phrase in a song.]
Kondo: Uh...
GINTOKI: Thank you for waiting.
Kondo: My hair is in your hands.
GINTOKI: Let's see...
GINTOKI: How short do you want it today?
Kondo: Why are you assuming that I want it short?!
GINTOKI: I'm not saying that I can only do short haircuts or anything.
GINTOKI: You just had a look on your face like you wanted it short.
GINTOKI: I see. A makeover.
Kondo: and they've always got girls screaming over them.
Kondo: I never get any gifts either
Kondo: so I wanted to try starting over from scratch...
Kondo: Break down the man known as Isao Kondo until he's completely unrecognizable
Kondo: and be reborn as a totally new Isao Kondo.
Kagura: Understood!
Kagura: I'll break you down!
Kondo: No! No! No!
Kondo: It was just a metaphor.
GINTOKI: Like you're somebody else...
GINTOKI: [Note: Street Fighter II the video game.]
GINTOKI: it'd be like changing from Blanka to Zangief.
Kondo: No! That's barely any change!
Kondo: You're going from one character nobody uses to another character nobody uses!
Kondo: it'd be like changing from E. Honda to Guile.
Kondo: Yeah! Something big!
GINTOKI: Got it.
GINTOKI: before you go home for the day and come back tomorrow.
Kondo: Why?!
Kondo: Why do I have to get my hair shortened and then go home?!
Kondo: There won't be anything left to do tomorrow!
Kondo: You're just shortening my hair!
Kondo: I already said that I don't need it shortened!
Kondo: Just forget about that already.
GINTOKI: But you said you wanted Guile.
GINTOKI: Guile has close-cropped hair.
Kondo: I didn't mean that I wanted to look like Guile!
Kondo: And weren't you the one who started using SF2 examples?!
Shinpachi: Uh...
Shinpachi: It would help if you could tell us how you want to look or give us a model or example of some sort.
Shinpachi: Do you have a picture from a magazine or something?
Kondo: Something like this.
Shinpahci: No! That's physically impossible!
Shinpachi: The length of your hair is totally different!
Kondo: I want to become a man that oozes beauty.
Kondo: I want to become a man that's soft and supple instead of ragged.
Shinpachi: You should go to Shocker headquarters instead of a barbershop.
Shinpachi: [Note: Shocker is an evil organization from Kamen Rider.]
GINTOKI: I'll do what I can to match this.
GINTOKI: We'll start by coming up with a plan.
GINTOKI: We'll shave your face in the meantime.
Shinpachi: We'd have to change his entire physique.
GINTOKI: So we'll have to change his hairstyle to change his image.
Katsura: Excuse me.
Shinpachi: Th-This is terrible!
Shinpachi: The most violent pair of rivals just ran into each other!
Kagura: I'll steam your face!
GINTOKI: Uh...
GINTOKI: What did you want again?
Katsura: So I need a charismatic hairdresser to cut my hair.
GINTOKI: But that's a relief. He hasn't noticed.
GINTOKI: I need to chase him out of here before things get ugly!
Shinpachi: You can find charismatic hairdressers across the street!
Katsura: Wow!
Katsura: Hey! Hey!
GINTOKI: We're working here!
Katsura: Cut that out!
GINTOKI: Want me to give you a buzz-cut?
GINTOKI: Shoo. Shoo.
Katsura: Did you think you could fool me?
Katsura: Your desperate efforts cannot deceive my eyes.
Shinpachi: Did he notice...?!
Katsura: You are
Katsura: the charismatic hairdresser!
Katsura: You are.
Katsura: I can tell by looking in your eyes.
Katsura: The eyes of one who has mastered a craft by dedicating his all...
Katsura: The eyes of a samurai who has seen many battles...
Katsura: Could you cut my hair?
Katsura: It's a pain to shampoo when it's this long.
Shinpachi: Ah! Please don't go in without permission!
Kondo: It hurts!
Kondo: Hey! What are you doing?!
Kondo: I can't breathe!
GINTOKI: We'll wash your head for you.
Kondo: Huh? Is he okay over there?
Kondo: That looks more like torture than washing his hair.
Kagura: Okay.
Kagura: Don't turn your head.
Katsura: M-Mr. Charismatic Hairdresser!
Katsura: down to the application of shampoo!
GINTOKI: Yes. That's what they all say.
Katsura: It's so intense that it feels like my hair roots are on fire!
Katsura: I can't open my eyes because they're stinging from the shampoo!
GINTOKI: You don't need to open them!
GINTOKI: Then we'll allow the shampoo to permeate your hair for a while.
GINTOKI: Just sit still with your eyes closed.
Katsura: Huh? Like this?
Katsura: What's the effect of letting the shampoo permeate my hair?
GINTOKI: It prevents any stupid movements.
Katsura: What?! It can do that?!
Kagura: That was close.
Kagura: They almost made contact.
Shinpachi: Don't tell me that we have to handle them both?
GINTOKI: We're going to leave now.
Shinpachi and Kagura: Huh?!
GINTOKI: Just think about it.
GINTOKI: There is no reason for us to work so hard for them.
Shinpachi: Pops told us to look after the place for him...
GINTOKI: He'll be back with his "Abu-san" soon enough.
GINTOKI: He can handle the rest...
Matsudaira: Sorry I'm late.
Matsudaira: I came to return volume 7 of Abu-san.
Matsudaira: Huh? He's not here?
GINTOKI: That's...
Matsudaira: Hmm? The barbershop I frequent.
Matsudaira: Let's just go hit a hostess bar.
Shogun: Would he do my hair in a Mage...?
Shogun: What kind of Mage would he do...?
Shinpachi: Th-That's...
GINTOKI: That's...
Shogun: Fascinating.
Shogun: Will you do my hair in a Mage?
Gintoki and Shinpachi: Th-The Shogun?!
GINTOKI: I can't touch the Shogun's Mage!
GINTOKI: Impossible!
GINTOKI: Absolutely impossible!
GINTOKI: You handle the rest!
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shogun: The next episode...
Shogun: The heavens created Chonmage above man instead of another man.
Shinpachi: The land of the host.
Shinpachi: [Note: Spoof of Episode 3]
Shinpachi: Those dream-filled Shinjuku skies upon which Japanese hosts once gazed upon their dreams...
Shinpachi: are now filled with words by hosts from foreign countries.
Shinpachi: The two of them still run in this corrupt night town.
Shinpachi: The man with fluttering golden hair
Shinpachi: glided through the city
Shinpachi: as though he were the Golden Knight.
Shinpachi: [Note: Gin is called the White Knight in regular Gin Tama.]
Shinpachi: Aim for the top with me!
GINTOKI: Hopeless fool.
Kagura: What a pain.
Kagura: This place is like a cesspool.
Shinpachi: Who are you?
Kagura: Kagura.
Kagura: I command you.
Kagura: Swear fealty to me.
Shinpachi: The men do not realize they are dancing on thin ice.
Kondo: What?
Kondo: That's fine.
Kondo: Climb up if you can!
Shinpachi: And the women sharpen their red nails.
Shinpachi: The wheel of fate is rusty.
Shinpachi: It doesn't move until it's too late.
Zurako: Dance a waltz for me...
Zurako: I eagerly await the show...
Shinpachi: Yes.
Shinpachi: Nobody could have predicted
Shinpachi: that Buttchin here would play a critical role in the conclusion of this story...
All three: The butt of the story.
GINTOKI: Yo! I'm Gintoki!
GINTOKI: [Note: "Kai" means "Revised." This is a parody of the new Dragon Ball Kai anime.]
GINTOKI: So here's "Gin Tama Kai!"
GINTOKI: Enjoy yourselves!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: That's the episode that aired last week!
Shinpachi: And isn't this just a summary of the previous episode?!
Shinpachi: You don't need to make chancy references every other line!
Shinpachi: And it's 16:9 because the top and bottom were chopped off!
GINTOKI: I'm all excited!
GINTOKI: [Note: From Dragon Ball anime.]
Shinpachi: I'm not!
Matsudaira: Sorry I'm late.
Matsudaira: I came to return volume 7 of Abu-san.
Matsudaira: Eh? He's not here?
Shinpachi: Tha-
GINTOKI: That's...
Matsudaira: Hmm? The barbershop I frequent.
Shinpachi: Th-That's...
GINTOKI: That's...
Shogun: Fascinating.
Shogun: Will you do my hair in a mage?
Shinpachi: Th-That's...
Gintoki and Shinpachi: That's...
Gintoki and Shinpachi: Sh-Shogun?!
Gintoki and Shinpachi: [Note: Shogun = General.]
Shinpachi: I could never forget that dignified face!
Shinpachi: That elegant bearing!
Shinpachi: That humble penis!
Shinpachi: Wh-Why?!
Shinpachi: Why is the Shogun in such a filthy place?!
Shogun: Will you do my hair in a mage?
Matsudaira: Eh? You want a mage done?
Matsudaira: Here?
Matsudaira: What about hitting the hostess bar?
Matsudaira: You're not coming?
GINTOKI: Is this old guy still taking the Shogun around and teaching him the wrong things?!
Shogun: I shall return this to the owner for you.
Shogun: Go on ahead and have a drink.
Matsudaira: Eh?
Shogun: I do not disguise myself as a commoner and roam the streets to indulge in pleasure.
Shogun: My purpose is to learn the lifestyle of the commoners of Edo.
Shogun: One who leads must understand how those below feel.
Shogun: This is a perfect opportunity.
Matsudaira: Eh?
Matsudaira: Seriously?
Matsudaira: You're going to get your hair cut here?
GINTOKI: Like we're going to shave the Shogun's head!
GINTOKI: Please leave!
Matsudaira: You've got odd tastes.
Matsudaira: Then I'll head to the usual place.
Matsudaira: Come when you're done.
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shinpachi: Take him with you!
Shinpachi: You're going to run off to a hostess bar and leave the Shogun here all alone?!
Matsudaira: You shouldn't need any bodyguards.
Matsudaira: Then say "Hello" to him for me.
GINTOKI: Perverted old man!
GINTOKI: Wh-What do we do?
Shinpachi: What are we supposed to do?!
Gintoki and Shinpachi: Cut the Shogun's hair!
GINTOKI: Not happening. Not happening. Not happening.
Shinpachi: We aren't even barbers!
Shinpachi: What should we do?!
GINTOKI: How would I know?!
GINTOKI: Don't expect me to know the answer to everything!
GINTOKI: There are things I don't know!
GINTOKI: There are times when I want to cry!
GINTOKI: There are times when I want to run away!
GINTOKI: That's why I said to run for it!
GINTOKI: The two of you had to dawdle around!
GINTOKI: What do we do?
GINTOKI: Forget running away...
GINTOKI: If we screw up his haircut...
GINTOKI: All three of us will lose our heads.
Shinpachi: Oboroshaa!!
Shinpachi: [Note: Puking sound.]
GINTOKI: He puked?!
Shinpachi: I'm sorry...
Shinpachi: I was so nervous my gag reflex kicked in.
Shinpachi: I can't go on any longer.
GINTOKI: Why are you trying to back out by yourself already?!
GINTOKI: Get a grip!
Kagura: Pathetic.
Kagura: Doesn't matter if he's the Shogun or whatever.
Kagura: The hair on his head is the same as everybody else's.
Kagura: I'll go.
Kagura: W-Welcome.
GINTOKI: Whoa! There she goes!
GINTOKI: Impressive!
Kagura: How would you like your hair done today?
Kagura: A crew cut?
Kagura: Parted in the front?
Kagura: A mushroo-
Kagura: Mugoshuroro!
Kagura: [Note: Puking sound.]
GINTOKI: Okay!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Do you want to die?!
Kagura: The smell from Shinpachi got to me.
Kagura: It got the better of me.
GINTOKI: Don't you give me that!
GINTOKI: What if you had barfed on him?!
Shinpachi: Don't worry.
Shinpachi: We're barely okay.
Shinpachi: The Shogun is...
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Did the Shogun have a mark on his forehead?
Shinpachi: Looks like a naruto...
Shinpachi: [Note: Naruto is a fishcake usually on top of ramen.]
Kagura: I should have digested that.
GINTOKI: That's not the issue here!
GINTOKI: What do we do?
GINTOKI: It's stuck to his forehead.
GINTOKI: That's as bad as if he had "meat" written on his forehead!
GINTOKI: [Note: From Kinniku-man (Ultimate Muscle) by Yude Tamago.]
Shinpachi: This is bad!
Shinpachi: The Shogun's staring at the mirror!
GINTOKI: Cover it up!
GINTOKI: Somebody cover it up!
GINTOKI: O-Oh?
GINTOKI: Hey! Who drew a naruto on the mirror?!
Shinpachi: That would be me!
GINTOKI: You want me to kill you?!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: This is just something on the mirror.
GINTOKI: You'd better wipe the mirror off!
Shinpachi: Yes!
GINTOKI: I'm really very sorry.
GINTOKI: Honestly...
GINTOKI: These young ones never learn.
GINTOKI: Young people these days quit the second you scold them.
GINTOKI: They slack off the moment you aren't looking.
GINTOKI: What a worthless bunch.
GINTOKI: Then how do you want your hair cut today?
GINTOKI: Then I'll shave your face while I'm shaving your forehead.
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: Then!
GINTOKI: Then I'll need you to lie down for now.
GINTOKI: Please keep your eyes closed.
GINTOKI: This is bad!
GINTOKI: I can't get the naruto off!
GINTOKI: Like it doesn't want to come off!
GINTOKI: Like the one that uses the Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Shinpachi: Calm down!
Shinpachi: Nobody's using any Shadow Clone Jutsu.
Shinpachi: There were two stacked on top of each other to begin with.
GINTOKI: What are we going to do about that?!
GINTOKI: Looks like he has Sharingan!
GINTOKI: I'm too scared to go near him!
GINTOKI: He might steal my special techniques!
Shinpachi: I've never seen any Sharingan that dirty!
Shinpachi: And you don't have any special techniques!
GINTOKI: Hey! Somebody do something about this!
GINTOKI: Remove them while pretending to shave his face!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: Why me?!
Kagura: I can't do it with my bare hands.
Kagura: It keeps slipping.
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Shinpachi: How oily was the ramen you ate?!
Kagura: We can slide it off with a razor.
Shinpachi: Hey! That's dangerous!
Shinpachi: Careful. Be careful.
Kagura: I know.
Kondo: How long do I have to wait...
Kagura: Who knows what I'll end up cutting off if my hand slips?
Kondo: Okay!
Shinpachi: Wow! Way to go!
Kagura: Whoa...
Kagura: I did it! I got it off!
GINTOKI: Whew...
GINTOKI: We made it through the first stage.
Katsura: The man is finally facing retirement!
Katsura: Two generations of horsefly-catching are finally coming to an end!
Katsura: Shinji Nagashima's new work!
Katsura: Volume 271 of Abu-san.
Katsura: Scheduled for release on April 32nd.
Katsura: Place your order at a nearby bookstore.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: What's this?
Shinpachi: Wait... Hold on...
Shinpachi: What? No way.
Shinpachi: Gi-Gin-san?
Shinpachi: This is...
Shinpachi: Could it be...
Shinpachi: Th-The Shogun's mag...
GINTOKI: You moron!
GINTOKI: Can't you keep this place clean?!
GINTOKI: We've got golden retriever shit lying around!
Shinpachi: No! That can't be right!
Shinpachi: That was definitely the Shogun's mage!
GINTOKI: You're wrong!
GINTOKI: That was absolutely golden retriever shit!
GINTOKI: The color! The size!
GINTOKI: It could only be golden retriever shit!
GINTOKI: Nothing more! Nothing less!
Shinpachi: Where is there even a golden retriever?!
Shinpachi: Th-This is terrible!
Shinpachi: You cut off his mage while you were removing the naruto!
Shinpachi: That doesn't happen from a slip of the hand!
Shinpachi: What are we going to do?!
Shinpachi: Even committing seppuku won't be enough for this!
Shinpachi: With a huge forehead!
Shinpachi: Like someone cosplaying as a fallen warrior!
GINTOKI: anybody would remove it!
GINTOKI: That's what a samurai would do!
GINTOKI: That's what a loyal subject would do!
Shinpachi: A samurai who calls the General's mage shit is not a samurai!
GINTOKI: I-I-It's fine!
GINTOKI: Definitely fine!
GINTOKI: Life isn't harsh or cruel at all!
GINTOKI: Never give up!
Shinpachi: Why are you singing about life?!
Shinpachi: You think that superficial phrases are going to solve our problem?!
GINTOKI: But! But!
GINTOKI: It's just a little shorter!
GINTOKI: We just trimmed his hair!
GINTOKI: We can still do this!
GINTOKI: We can still pull together a mage!
GINTOKI: E-Excuse me.
GINTOKI: Let me try to tie this.
Shinpachi: That's not even close to being long enough!
Shinpachi: This is impossible!
GINTOKI: It's fine!
GINTOKI: I'm just not pulling hard enough!
GINTOKI: Have to go like this!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: You're gonna pull it out!
Shinpachi: Pulling his hair out! Out!
GINTOKI: Don't give up!
GINTOKI: [Note: A spoof of a famous phrase by Coach Anzai Sensei from SLAM DUNK by Takehiko Inoue.]
Shinpachi: Gin-san! The Shogun is tearing up!
Shinpachi: The Shogun is past his limit!
Shinpachi: He can't take any more!
Shinpachi: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Shinpachi: Stop it!
Shinpachi: Please stop it!
GINTOKI: Tie it together!
GINTOKI: Tie it together while I'm holding it up!
Shinpachi: It's impossible.
Shinpachi: Impossible!
Shinpachi: His face is all stretched!
Shinpachi: Like he's got a stocking over his head!
GINTOKI: Isn't he smiling?
GINTOKI: Like he's from the Land of Smiles?
GINTOKI: [Note: Thailand is known as the Land of Smiles.]
Shinpachi: He isn't!
Shinpachi: His skin is all lifted!
GINTOKI: Huh? He's mad?
GINTOKI: Is he smiling?
GINTOKI: I can't tell.
GINTOKI: I can't read his expression at all.
Shinpachi: I guarantee you that he's not smiling!
Shinpachi: I'm sorry!
Shinpachi: We'll fix this right away!
Shinpachi: We have to do something!
Shinpachi: We just have to get past this situation!
Shinpachi: We can just throw together something that looks right and run for it!
Shinpachi: The mage!
Shinpachi: That's right! The mage!
Shinpachi: We can force it onto his head and fool him!
Kagura: A golden retriever took the mage and ran away!
Shinpachi: What?!
Kagura: I'll go and get it back!
Kagura: Take care of the rest!
Shinpachi: Damn it...
Shinpachi: Why won't anything work...
Shinpachi: What do we have to do...
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Th-That...
Shinpachi: What's that mage?!
Shinpachi: Where did you find it?
GINTOKI: I didn't find it.
GINTOKI: I made it.
Shinpachi: What?!
GINTOKI: We didn't have one so I had to make one.
Shinpachi: Wait...
Shinpachi: You made it...?
Shinpachi: That's amazing!
Shinpachi: You're like that Waku Waku san!!
GINTOKI: I get it already.
GINTOKI: It won't stand out if I shorten it all around.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Like this?
GINTOKI: Okay!
shinpachi: That isn't Katsura-san anymore!
shinpachi: It's Wakame-san!
shinpachi: [Note: Wakame is a character from Sazae-san.]
GINTOKI: Forget it.
GINTOKI: I've decided Zura gets a crew cut.
Shinpachi: He gave up.
Shinpachi: This guy chose a fine time to stop trying!
GINTOKI: We should be able to fool him with this.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: we should be able to make something as good as his old one.
Shinpachi: That's not where it goes!
GINTOKI: Since we're also dealing with a Shogun here.
shinpachi: Shogun of what?!
shinpachi: And this is no Shogun! It's a Monsieur!
GINTOKI: [Note: Geta sandal is from the song by Hiroshi Kamayatsu "To my good friend".]
Shinpachi: That's not the issue here!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! Forget the little man and get back to the mage!
Shinpachi: Hurry!
Shinpachi: Before he finds out! Hurry!
GINTOKI: I get it already.
Shinpachi: Not there!
Shinpachi: Where are you making a mage?!
GINTOKI: Doesn't it look just as good as it did before?
Shinpachi: Forget about that Shogun already!
Shinpachi: The one over here!
Kagura: Gin-chan! Shinpachi!
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Kagura: I managed to get it back.
Shinpachi: Really?!
GINTOKI: Great job!
GINTOKI: I'm amazed that you were able to get it back.
GINTOKI: I thought we'd never see it again.
Kagura: Here you go.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: What is this?
Shinpachi: Why is there a mosaic over it?
Shinpachi: Why does it smell funny?
Kagura: It was so hard.
Kagura: I had to look all over town for the right size of golden retriever sh-
Katsura: Excuse me.
Katsura: Do I have to keep waiting?
Katsura: I would expect the shampoo to have permeated my hair by now...
Kondo: What?
Kondo: It's awfully noisy.
Shogun: I had no idea...
Shogun: The commoners braid mage under such foul conditions...
Shogun: I had no idea...
Shogun: I knew nothing at all...
General: Reform is needed...
General: Edo will have no future if I do not reform barbershops!
Kondo: What was that?
Katsura: I couldn't tell if he was crying or laughing.
Kondo: I've been waiting for a long time.
Katsura: You too?
Katsura: So have I...
Shinpachi: And so it was that the barbershop received government money to rebuild.
Shinpachi: the place soon became the number one barbershop in Edo.
Kagura: Can't sleep...
Kagura: Can't sleep...
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: Sleep Helps a Child Grow.
Kagura: I wanna grow.
GINTOKI: [I've gotta get up at seven tomorrow...]
Kagura: [I can't sleep at all at this hour.]
Kagura: Shinpachi...
Shinpachi: I was dreaming...
Kagura: Dreaming?
Shinpachi: Yes... It was a happy dream...
Shinpachi: I was working in Kabukicho...
Shinpachi: I became the number one host...
Shinpachi: and Kintoki was next to me...
Shinpachi: And the owner of the place was Kagura-san...
Shinpachi: Such a happy dream...
Shinpachi: I wanted to become the number one host...
Shinpachi: So badly...
Shinpachi: I didn't choose to end up with this buttchin!
Shinpachi: What's so bad about having a buttchin?!
Shinpachi: There isn't anything wrong with a buttchin!
Kagura: Just stop!
Shinpachi: Everybody should end up with butt-like chins.
Shinpachi: All hope was lost as rain fell upon Kabukicho.
Shinpachi: We lost our will to fight
Shinpachi: and could only curse at the sky.
Kagura: I can't sleep.
Kagura: I can't sleep at all.
Kagura: Can't sleep a wink.
Kagura: the more awake I feel.
Kagura: I don't feel like sleeping at all.
GINTOKI: What?
Kagura: I can't sleep.
GINTOKI: Don't stay up too late.
GINTOKI: We have work tomorrow.
GINTOKI: What is it?
Kagura: I can't sleep.
GINTOKI: You already said that.
GINTOKI: You're so annoying.
GINTOKI: I said we have work...
Kagura: I can't sleep.
GINTOKI: {\i1}Hey! What are you doing?!
Kagura: I can't sleep a wink at all.
GINTOKI: {\i1}Like I care!
GINTOKI: {\i1}Stop bugging me!
Kagura: I can't sleep...
Kagura: Put me to sleep.
Kagura: Use everything in your power to put me to sleep.
GINTOKI: Just go to sleep by yourself!
GINTOKI: Is that how you ask somebody for a favor?!
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: I can't put up with this.
Kagura: That futon looks more comfortable to sleep on.
Kagura: Switch with me.
Kagura: I'm gonna sleep there.
Kagura: You sleep in the closet.
GINTOKI: Don't be so picky.
GINTOKI: All futons are the same!
GINTOKI: How am I supposed to sleep in that small space?!
Kagura: Just move outta the way.
Kagura: This futon might put me to sleep.
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: What is this...
GINTOKI: I'd managed to fall asleep.
GINTOKI: I don't wanna sleep on a cold futon.
Kagura: I can't sleep.
GINTOKI: So nothing changed?!
Kagura: This is no use.
Kagura: I don't feel sleepy at all.
Kagura: I can't fall asleep 'cause the pillow smells like an old man.
GINTOKI: You're the one who told me to switch with you!
Kagura: That futon looks more comfortable to sleep on.
Kagura: Switch with me.
GINTOKI: This will never end!
Kagura: I can't fall asleep
Kagura: so I've been thinking of ways to fall asleep.
Kagura: I've forgotten how to fall asleep.
Kagura: How do I fall asleep?
Kagura: How do I make my way into slumberland?
GINTOKI: Start by shutting up!
GINTOKI: Then close your eyes and stay still!
GINTOKI: You'll eventually fall asleep.
Kagura: what is sleep?
Kagura: Our eyeballs are still darting around.
Kagura: It doesn't mean we're asleep.
Kagura: What do I do with my eyeballs if I want to fall asleep?
Kagura: Should I just stare at the inside of my eyelids?
Kagura: Or should I look up?
Kagura: What do I do to-
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
GINTOKI: Now I can't fall asleep!
GINTOKI: What are you going to do about this?!
GINTOKI: Did I look up? Did I look down?
GINTOKI: I don't know what to do with my eyeballs!
Kagura: And do we breathe with our mouths when we sleep?
Kagura: Or with our noses?
Kagura: Or do we breathe in through our mouths and out through our noses?
Kagura: Or do we breathe in through our noses and out through our mouths?
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
Kagura: Should I cross my arms?
Kagura: Should I leave them at my sides?
Kagura: Outside the covers?
Kagura: Inside the covers?
Kagura: How should the pillow be placed?
Kagura: Face-up?
Kagura: Face-down?
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
Kagura: Where do we come from? Where are we going?
Kagura: What's beyond the edge of the universe?
Kagura: Why doesn't anime make lots of money?
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
GINTOKI: I can't sleep!
GINTOKI: I don't feel like sleeping at all!
GINTOKI: Was it this hard to fall asleep?!
GINTOKI: Did we go through such an ordeal every night?!
Kagura: What is sleep again?
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: You'll never fall asleep if you make everything so complicated!
GINTOKI: How much of a failure are you?!
GINTOKI: Even Ken Takakura could do a better job!
Kagura: I feel more and more awake.
Kagura: What do I do?
GINTOKI: Give me a break.
GINTOKI: Didn't I tell you that we have work tomorrow?
GINTOKI: It's 2:30 in the morning.
GINTOKI: We have to wake up at 7:00 tomorrow.
GINTOKI: We only have four and a half hours to sleep.
GINTOKI: That'd even make Napoleon bitch when he woke up.
GINTOKI: My dictionary says I only sleep for three hours but read between the lines!
GINTOKI: [Note: Napoleon is known for only sleeping three hours a day. He is also known for the quote "The word impossible is not in my dictionary."]
Kagura: What should I do?
GINTOKI: Don't use your head.
GINTOKI: Okay?
GINTOKI: Sleep isn't supposed to be something you can consciously force.
GINTOKI: Humans who live regular lives will naturally fall asleep at night.
GINTOKI: you'll be so tired you can comfortably fall asleep.
GINTOKI: That's how sleep is supposed to work.
Kagura: I see...
Kagura: I can't fall asleep because I was lying around the whole day.
GINTOKI: Right?
Kagura: You're one to talk.
GINTOKI: What you lack is fatigue.
Kagura: I got it.
Kagura: I'm going off for a run.
Kagura: You'd better stay up.
Kagura: Gin-chan...
Kagura: I can't fall asleep.
Kagura: I did the running...
Kagura: But now...
Kagura: I'm so hot...
Kagura: I can't fall asleep.
GINTOKI: Who told you to run as hard as you can?!
GINTOKI: Of course you can't fall asleep when you're all sweaty like that!
Kagura: so I ran fifty laps around town.
Kagura: Sleep is out of the question now.
Kagura: It feels like all my cells have activated.
GINTOKI: Feels like it?
GINTOKI: Your brain cells are dying!
GINTOKI: You can't fall asleep right after exercising so hard!
GINTOKI: Go take a bath and cool yourself off!
GINTOKI: You've gotten my futon all sweaty now!
Kagura: No.
Kagura: I don't have time for that.
Kagura: I have to fall asleep as soon as possible.
GINTOKI: First you want to sleep.
GINTOKI: Now you're hungry.
GINTOKI: I envy you!
GINTOKI: It must be fun to have so many things to do!
Kagura: That isn't my stomach. I'm farting.
GINTOKI: I don't care what it is! Can you be quiet?!
GINTOKI: How long is that going to continue?!
GINTOKI: It's so noisy I can't fall asleep.
GINTOKI: Fine.
GINTOKI: I'll go make you something to eat.
GINTOKI: You go take a bath during that time.
Kagura: Food?!
Kagura: Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: Stay away! Go take a bath!
Kagura: Gin-chan...
Kagura: [Note: Kagura is using the Lamaze method of breathing for expectant mothers.]
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
Kagura: I don't feel like sleeping at all.
Kagura: but I'm having trouble breathing so I can't fall asleep!
GINTOKI: Who told you to eat so much that you'd start breathing with your diaphragm?!
GINTOKI: Of course you can't fall asleep when your stomach's that full!
Kagura: But...
Kagura: You made all that food...
GINTOKI: The rest of that was for breakfast!
Kagura: It's no use...
Kagura: I'm in so much pain I can't even turn over...
Kagura: I'll go run myself into shape...
Kagura: By taking a run.
Kagura: [Note: "Shape Up Ran" was a JUMP manga from the 80s.]
GINTOKI: Who told you to be witty?!
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
GINTOKI: That'll just put us back where we started!
GINTOKI: Ah...
GINTOKI: Fine.
GINTOKI: You don't have to work tomorrow.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi and I can handle it.
GINTOKI: So don't force yourself to sleep.
Kagura: No!
Kagura: Staying up late is bad for my skin!
GINTOKI: Someone whose stomach is sticking all the way out shouldn't be talking about skin care!
GINTOKI: Come on.
GINTOKI: It's already 4:00.
GINTOKI: I have to wake up at 7:00 tomorrow.
GINTOKI: That's in three hours.
GINTOKI: That'd even make Napoleon bitch at his mom in the morning!
GINTOKI: He'd probably whine about the quality of the miso soup!
GINTOKI: The word eggplant is not in my dictionary.
Kagura: Fine.
Kagura: I'll stop making a fuss.
Kagura: I won't bother you anymore.
Kagura: You already fed me.
Kagura: Can I turn on the radio?
GINTOKI: If you keep the volume down.
DJ: Young Night Train!
DJ: So let's get started!
DJ: with stories that make you cry within three minutes!
DJ: Young Night Train!
DJ: So let's get started!
DJ: This is DJ Junnijiro with stories that make you cry within three minutes!
DJ: Allow me to introduce the first letter.
DJ: This letter is from Radio Name Tom.
DJ: Sorry, Jerry.
DJ: [Note: From Tom and Jerry.]
Tom: Wait!
Tom: Wait.
Tom: Wait!
Old man: He was abandoned there a while back.
Old man: or feed him or the like.
Old man: But this boy refused to budge at all.
Old man: He couldn't have expected his owner to return.
Old man: Little lady...
Tom: Jerry was waiting for me to come back!
Tom: Waiting the whole time...
Tom: The whole time...
Tom: Jerry!
Tom: How can I apologize to you?!
Tom: How many times do I need to apologize to you?!
Tom: You gave me so much!
Tom: You taught me how to shed my loneliness when I was all alone!
Tom: You opened up the world to me!
Tom: You were my first friend!
Tom: And yet...
Tom: I...
Tom: I did...
Tom: I did such a terrible thing to my precious friend!
Old man: There's no need to apologize.
Old man: He was always waiting for you.
Old man: And you came.
Old man: What else did he need?
Old man: He must have been happy to meet his owner in the end.
Tom: That's not true! He must hate me!
Tom: Because I was the one who caused Jerry's death!
Old man: Jerry isn't dead.
Old man: He's still alive.
Tom: Where?!
Tom: Where is he?!
Old man: Of course...
Old man: Right behind you!
GINTOKI: What is this?
GINTOKI: What kind of story is this?
GINTOKI: Why did a touching story turn into a scary story at the end?!
GINTOKI: How would this make people cry?!
GINTOKI: More like cry out in terror!
GINTOKI: I can't sleep after hearing such a crazy story!
GINTOKI: The station must be getting barraged by complaints right now!
GINTOKI: That really caught me off guard.
GINTOKI: Not that I was scared or anything.
GINTOKI: No more radio!
GINTOKI: I can't listen to this...
GINTOKI: H-Huh? She fell asleep.
GINTOKI: R-Really...
GINTOKI: She finally fell asleep?
GINTOKI: Way to cause so much trouble.
GINTOKI: That's a relief...
GINTOKI: Now I can sleep in peace.
Old man: Right behind you!
GINTOKI: Y'know...
GINTOKI: That crazy story isn't enough to scare me.
GINTOKI: Though it surprised me a bit.
GINTOKI: That was just a comedy.
GINTOKI: There isn't much of a difference between horror and comedy.
GINTOKI: This was totally...
Old man: Right behind you!
GINTOKI: C-Crap...
GINTOKI: I'm starting to hear things 'cause I didn't get enough sleep.
GINTOKI: Looks like I'm sick.
GINTOKI: You were wide awake just a second ago.
GINTOKI: Kagura-chan?
GINTOKI: Wake up!
GINTOKI: Don't mess with me!
GINTOKI: How much effort do you think I spent to put you to sleep?!
GINTOKI: You just abandon me the second you're done?!
GINTOKI: You could at least talk with me a bit!
GINTOKI: You could at least come with me when I go to take a piss!
GINTOKI: Are you going to keep pretending to sleep?
GINTOKI: I'll beat you awake...
GINTOKI: Bring it on!
GINTOKI: Like you're ready to die!
GINTOKI: Please knock me out!
GINTOKI: Somebody put me to sleep!
Kyubei: The next episode...
Kyubei: That Person Looks Different From Usual During A Birthday Party.
 Name:  Text
shinpachi: The land of the host.
shinpachi: [Note: Spoof of Episode 3.]
shinpachi: Those dream-filled Shinjuku skies upon which Japanese hosts once gazed on their dreams...
shinpachi: are now filled with words by hosts from foreign countries.
shinpachi: The two of them still run in this corrupt night town.
shinpachi: Yes...
shinpachi: It was all this buttchin's fault.
shinpachi: The reason I couldn't become the number one host...
shinpachi: and blamed everything on this world.
shinpachi: But Kintoki said...
Kintoki: Get a chin job.
shinpachi: His words woke me up.
shinpachi: Yes...
shinpachi: There was a simple solution.
Kagura: The surgery was a success.
Kintoki: What's wrong?
Kintoki: Take the bandages off already.
Shinpachi: Wondering if I've actually been reborn...
Shinpachi: H-How does my chin look?
Kintoki: Perfect.
Kintoki: Plastic surgery these days is crazy stuff.
Kintoki: [Note: Kintoki is talking like kids in Shibuya.]
Kagura: Why don't you take a look yourself?
Shinpachi: It's true...
Shinpachi: I no longer have a buttchin.
Shinpachi: My chin no longer looks like a butt...
Shinpachi: It looks like the front.
Otae: Is the cake I ordered ready?
Staff: Hold on a moment.
Staff: [Note: On cake: "Happy Birthday Kyu-chan."]
Shinpachi: I'm sure Kyubei-san will love it.
Otae: That's right.
Staff: Come again.
Otae: That's right.
Otae: so we couldn't have birthday parties if we wanted to.
Otae: but for the rest of us and the members of Sazae-san as well.
shinpachi: They'll come after they buy presents.
Otae: Will they be all right?
Otae: I hope they don't buy anything strange.
Tojo: Otae-dono.
Tojo: Shinpachi-dono.
Tojo: Shh.
Tojo: Hurry! Over here!
Tojo: It'll be a problem if you enter through the front door right out in the open!
Tojo: The celebration of Kyubei Yagyu's birthday was a surprise I planned in secret.
Tojo: we should be careful and enter through the back door.
Shinpachi: Kyubei-san doesn't know about this.
Shinpachi: Makes sense...
Kyubei: A birthday party?
Kyubei: Who needs that crap?
Shinpachi: Would be her likely response.
Tojo: so please memorize your lines before the young master returns.
Shinpachi: A script?! You've got a script?!
Shinpachi: How excited about this are you?!
Shinpachi: but the birthday party won't be any fun if you're so strict about it...
Otae: Shin-chan. Shin-chan.
Otae: Look over there.
Otae: Doesn't that person look familiar?
Shinpachi: What is a red-hot actor doing in this place?!
Shinpachi: Whoa! It's Tamo-san!
Shinpachi: A big name in daytime television!
Shinpachi: Is he also...
Tojo: Obviously.
Tojo: so this is only natural.
Shinpachi: I-Incredible...
Shinpachi: Celebrities from entertainment and political circles are all over the place!
Shinpachi: This is the power of the Yagyu clan...
Chef: [Note: In French.]
Chef: [Note: In French.]
Otae: Oh no.
Otae: I had no idea so many people were invited.
Otae: How will we cut the cake?
Otae: We'll end up with slices the size of little steak cubes.
Shinpachi: We're completely out of place here!
Shinpachi: Like we don't belong here.
Shinpachi: I dressed casually since I heard it was a birthday party...
Shinpachi: But this isn't anything cozy like that!
Tojo: Refrain from any actions that would be conspicuous or ruin the mood.
Tojo: Do not shame the young master.
Tojo: I'll go get the young master now.
Otae: You don't need to worry about that.
Otae: They know to behave appropriately for the situation.
Otae: See. They're sitting quietly in their seats.
Shinpachi: You're right. That's a relief.
Shinpachi: Guess we found them before they had time to do anything.
Otae: Hasegawa-san and Katsura-san.
Otae: I guess the people who went to Ryugu Castle were invited.
Otae: [Note: From Eps.115-118.]
Otae: See? Even Kamenashi-san's shell is here.
Otae: [Note: He appeared in Eps.115-118.]
Otae: I wonder if his actual body disappeared.
Shinpachi: Don't say creepy stuff like that.
Shinpachi: His wife might be giving birth again...
Shinpachi: [Note: The body of Kamenashi's wife disappeared so she looked like a skeleton during her pregnancy in Ep. 115-116.]
Otae: Maybe they're nervous?
Otae: Since they're surrounded by celebrities.
Shinpachi: Something's odd.
Shinpachi: What are they doing...?
Hasegawa: Five!
Hasegawa: Booya!
Hasegawa: I become a popular actor and my income goes up twenty million!
Hasegawa: I get twenty million every time I circle the board now!
Hasegawa: I've won!
Hasegawa: I've undeniably won!
Hasegawa: I'm a winner!
Hasegawa: I've become a winner!
Hasegawa: Finally...!
Katsura: Shut up!
Katsura: This isn't over until the end!
Hasegawa: You losers will never be able to catch up!
Hasegawa: Because I'm an actor! A winner!
GINTOKI: don't forget that it doesn't change the fact
Hasegawa: You didn't have to mention that!
Hasegawa: Can't you let me dream when we're playing a game?!
GINTOKI: A person who hasn't worked a second in his entire life shouldn't get cocky.
Hasegawa: What's that?!
Katsura: That's going too far!
Katsura: Get down on your knees!
Katsura: I'll cut you down!
Hasegawa: I just became a popular actor!
Shinpachi: Don't give me that.
Shinpachi: I was wondering why you guys were so serious...
Shinpachi: Why are you playing the Game of Life in this place?!
GINTOKI: The Game of Life is an essential part of celebrating birthdays.
GINTOKI: So everybody gives up on video games
GINTOKI: and pretends to be good children by playing board games like Life.
GINTOKI: So they can eat good food!
GINTOKI: This is the principle of the birthday party.
Shinpachi: I don't give a damn about the worthless birthday knowledge you've assembled!
Katsura: there's a possibility that she won't buy Kyubei-kun a Nintendo game afterwards.
Katsura: And our dreams of gathering at Kyubei-kun's place after school to play RBI Baseball will be shattered.
Katsura: [Note: Popular baseball game from the 80s.]
Shinpachi: And what's with your obsession with playing Nintendo?!
Shinpachi: You've gone way back to being little kids!
Shinpachi: The mom isn't even here!
Shinpachi: [Note: Because Kyubei's mom is dead.]
Shinpachi: This isn't like the birthday parties we held as children!
Shinpachi: Get a clue!
GuestB: Are they acquaintances of Kyubei-dono?
GuestB: No way...
Shinpachi: Shunnosuke Oguri is staring right at us!
Shinpachi: He's not even trying to hide it!
Shinpachi: We're here as Kyubei-san's friends!
GINTOKI: You don't need to worry.
GINTOKI: You could call us birthday party professionals...
Gintoki  Katsura and Hasegawa: Birthday Fighters.
Gintoki  Katsura and Hasegawa: [Note: Caption on the top looks like Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac title logo.]
Shinpachi: You only go for the free food!
Hasegawa: Birthday Fighters don't do anything to make the birthday boy or girl look bad.
Hasegawa: you make them look good in front of their mother.
Hasegawa: This is an absolute rule.
Katsura: you earn the reputation of a person who makes birthday parties more fun.
Katsura: That leads to invitations to more birthday parties.
Katsura: So you must not mouth off to the mother.
Katsura: you must never mention that fact.
Katsura: Because it'll affect their trust in you.
GINTOKI: You won't have to worry if you leave it to us.
GINTOKI: Relax.
GINTOKI: Students from other schools have also been invited this time.
GINTOKI: Pattern B-2.
Katsura  Hasegawa: Roger.
Shinpachi: You're all idiots!
Shinpachi: Your presence here is making Kyubei-san look bad!
Shinpachi: You're the ones who smell like restrooms!
Shinpachi: You don't have to do anything. There will still be plenty to eat.
Shinpachi: This party is a buffet.
Shinpachi: So behave...
GuestC: Why is there a tent in that place?
GuestD: That'll prevent us from getting food.
GuestD: What is that?
GuestD: Is there a mountain climber among the guests?
Kagura: The party hasn't started yet?
Shinpachi: Why are you acting like someone lined up for an overnight release?!
Shinpachi: Why are you putting your body on the line for a buffet?!
Shinpachi: Stop trying to be funny! That pisses me off!
Shinpachi: Just go back to your seat! This is embarrassing!
Shinpachi: You don't have to try so hard. There will still be plenty to eat.
Shinpachi: The people here aren't that greedy.
Kagura: No way!
Kagura: Look at all the people here!
Kagura: My spring rolls will be all gone!
Kagura: All gone!
Kagura: I'm staying here forever!
Kagura: I'll stay all spring if that's what it takes to eat all the spring rolls I want!
Shinpachi: I'll give you all the spring rolls or fall rolls you want!
Shinpachi: Please go back to your seat!
Shinpachi: Come on!
Shinpachi: Everybody's laughing at us!
Shinpachi: See? Look.
Shinpachi: Even Oguri-kun is looking...
Shinpachi: Oguri-kun was getting in line!
Shinpachi: He was definitely lined up like he thought it was okay to start eating!
Kagura: Tsk.
Shinpachi: This is bad.
MC: Sorry for the long wait.
MC: The birthday girl has finally arrived.
Kyubei: What's going on?
Kyubei: What's going on...?
Kyubei: What's going on...?
Kyubei: Th... This is...
Otae: Kyu-chan's all surprised.
GINTOKI: Sing?
Shinpachi: We can't stand out any further.
Shinpachi: Let's try our best to sing along.
Shinpachi: Happy birthday to you!
Shinpachi: Happy birthday to you!
Shinpachi: Happy birthday to you!
GuestE: What was that...?
GuestF: That was wretched.
Shinpachi: Huh? Why?
Shinpachi: Why am I standing out?
Shinpachi: I tried my best to sing along.
GINTOKI: Go watch episode 17.
GINTOKI: Go watch episode 17 again.
Shinpachi: This is bad.
Shinpachi: Tojo-san's slit eyes are wide open!
Shinpachi: Staring over here without even blinking!
GuestG: Happy birthday.
GuestH: Happy birthday.
Kyubei: Th-Thank you.
Kyubei: Thank you.
Shinpachi: Gin-san.
Shinpachi: We're supposed to take a bouquet over to her now.
Shinpachi: so a representative from each table is supposed to take it to Kyubei-san.
Katsura: A representative...
Katsura: I suppose I have no choice.
Katsura: I'll have to go.
Katsura: For I am the only person here qualified to be the leader.
Kagura: Hold it right there.
Kagura: You always call me the leader.
Kagura: The leader of the leader is the real leader.
Hasegawa: This isn't the time to be fighting amongst ourselves.
Hasegawa: Everything will be settled if I go!
Hasegawa: I can!
Katsura: I am!
Kagura: I will!
Kagura: Here.
Kyubei: Th-Thanks...
GuestE: Some type of harassment?
GuestF: What did they come here for?
Shinpachi: Gin-san! This is bad!
Shinpachi: Tojo-san's eyes are going to shoot beams!
Shinpachi: Very bad!
Shinpachi: This will be very bad if we don't get our act together!
Kyubei: I'm very grateful that everyone came here for me.
MC: Okay. Then we'll do presents before we start eating.
MC: Everyone with a present for the young master move forward.
Shinpachi: Sis! This is our chance to redeem ourselves!
Shinpachi: Let's take that cake to her!
Shinpachi: As a present!
Otae: But they're all giving her incredible presents...
Otae: I'm kind of embarrassed to take such a small cake up there.
Shinpachi: What are you talking about?
Shinpachi: I'm sure she'll love it.
GINTOKI: That's right.
GINTOKI: Presents aren't about price.
GINTOKI: They're about feelings.
Shinpachi: Where are the feelings in your present?
GINTOKI: Somewhere around the 32nd page.
Shinpachi: How would I know that?!
Shinpachi: It's bound to be better than this guy's present.
Guy: Poor people shouldn't be wandering around in a place where they don't belong!
Guy: Damn eyesore.
Shinpachi: Hold on.
Shinpachi: You bumped into her on purpose.
Shinpachi: Apologize.
Shinpachi: Apologize to Sis!
GuestE: What? It's them again?
GuestF: What is it this time?
GuestF: A fight?
GuestF: They're such a nuisance.
GuestI: Get lost! You don't belong here!
GuestI: This isn't a place for freaks like you!
GuestJ: Yeah! Get lost!
Background: Cut it out already!
Shinpachi: I won't leave!
Shinpachi: I won't leave until you apologize!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
Tojo: I must ask that you leave.
Tojo: any further behavior that would besmirch the young master's honor.
GuestL: That's right!
GuestM: Poor people should get lost!
Tojo: I was talking to the people insulting the young master's friends.
Shinpachi: Tojo-san...
GuestN: You bastard!
GuestN: How can you say that to the guests you invited to a birthday celebration?!
GuestO: Those words will lead to the fall of the Yagyu clan!
Tojo: Guests?
Tojo: I don't recall inviting you.
Tojo: The only people I've invited to this celebration
Tojo: are the young master's friends.
Tojo: The other people merely take the effort to show up every year.
Tojo: You won't be able to build your superficial relationships with the young master.
GuestM: Bah! You've lost my interest!
GuestP: Remember this well.
GuestP: You won't get off lightly for embarrassing us like this.
GuestQ: This is the last time the renowned Yagyu clan will be getting on its high horse.
GuestQ: It'll fall into ruin without our backing.
Shinpachi: Tojo-san.
Shinpachi: I'm very sorry!
Shinpachi: Everything's been ruined because you were defending us...
Tojo: Not at all...
Tojo: I wasn't defending you.
Tojo: The renowned Yagyu clan has many connections.
Tojo: There was a reason for mowing the lawn here.
Tojo: It just so happened that some bugs happened to conveniently pop out as well.
Shinpachi: You mean...
Tojo: You made the task so much simpler.
Tojo: Now our lawn is all neat and tidy.
Shinpachi: Tojo-san...
Shinpachi: Were you using us?
Shinpachi: Using us to instigate those people...!
Tojo: Who knows?
Shinpachi: Hey! Hold it right there!
Shinpachi: Damn slit eyes!
Kyubei: but don't come crying when Father yells at you.
Kyubei: Thank you for such a wonderful birthday.
Hasegawa: Gin-san...
Hasegawa: It's been a long time...
Hasegawa: It's been three years of my life falling apart since this anime began...
Hasegawa: But next week...
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: The Other Side of the Other Side of the Other Side would be the Other Side.
Hasegawa: I'll finally graduate from being a DORK.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: to a terrestrial digital broadcast.
shinpachi: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: What?
shinpachi: They didn't ask for this today.
GINTOKI: Really?
Drunk: Shuddap...
ManA: This Perowne stuff is good.
ManB: Can't deny that.
Madao: A life that keeps sputtering on...
Madao: An endless loop of finding bad things on the other side...
Madao: I'm going to break free of this DORK Spiral today!
GINTOKI: That's right.
GINTOKI: All you need is a chance to turn your life around.
GINTOKI: We'll be taking off from this place today.
Madao: Yeah!
Madao: No more DORK!
Madao: Horse racing is a mind game.
Madao: The result comes from a number of intertwined factors.
Madao: Too naive.
Madao: The wealth of information written here narrows down the choices.
Madao: You have to read between the lines to spot the hidden signs and arrive at the only possible truth.
Madao: That's how you predict...
GINTOKI: That's a long-ass explanation!
GINTOKI: So which horse has it coming? Which horse is it?
Madao: There's always beginner's luck.
GINTOKI: I see. Go with my gut...
Hasegawa: Hey! What's that?!
Hasegawa: The date?!
Hasegawa: It wouldn't be so hard if you could win like that!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: Weren't you talking about beginner's luck just now?
GINTOKI: The stars are aligned for me today.
GINTOKI: I can see the star of victory shining above me.
Hasegawa: People have died after seeing that.
Madao: That's odd...
Madao: I had a pretty good feeling this time...
GINTOKI: That's odd...
GINTOKI: I had a pretty good feeling this time...
Madao: You just went with the date.
GINTOKI: You're one to talk.
Madao: My prediction was on a whole different scale from yours.
Madao: I stayed up for seven hours last night simulating possible outcomes.
Madao: And that lead to this result.
GINTOKI: How much time are you wasting?
Madao: I didn't.
GINTOKI: I'm sorry.
Madao: You're right.
Madao: We only lost one race.
Madao: The game's just begun!
GINTOKI: That's right!
Madao: Go! Go!
GINTOKI: That's it! Run your ass off!
GINTOKI: The whip! Use the whip!
Madao: Lost everything...
GINTOKI: Yeah...
GINTOKI: Even had the hairs on my ass plucked off...
GINTOKI: I don't even have enough for the train-ride back.
GINTOKI: What's wrong?
GINTOKI: Did you snap after losing so much.
Madao: Nah.
Madao: It just seems like this is how it's always been since we met.
GINTOKI: Really?
Madao: Weren't you ever taught to obey authority?
GINTOKI: You're from the Bakufu?
Madao: We're from Immigration.
Madao: I was shooting my way up the ladder...
Madao: Despite appearances...
Madao: But...
shinpachi: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Madao: I told you not to act arbitrarily!
shinpachi: It's gonna eat me!
GINTOKI: Bastard...
Madao: I'm fully aware that we won't be able to capture it in one piece.
Madao: A little sacrifice is necessary for the stupid prince to understand that fact.
shinpachi: Hey! Are you listening to me?!
GINTOKI: So you want to use my sidekick as bait so you can get permission to dispose of that?
GINTOKI: You people are rotten to the core.
Madao: That's my kind of samurai code.
GINTOKI: I see.
Madao: Wait up!
GINTOKI: So what if the Bakufu or the country collapses?!
GINTOKI: I'll live tall until the day this body falls apart!
Madao: That bastard's gone and done it.
Hata: I told you to capture him without hurting him!
Hata: This is an international issue!
Madao: Live tall...
Madao: Sounds like a goal a kid would set.
Madao: That's right. My mother used to say...
Madao: You're hunched over. Stand up straight.
Hata: -gawa!
Hata: Hasegawa!
Hata: I'm going to report this incident to my father!
Madao: Shut it.
Madao: Shut it!
Madao: That was where everything started going wrong.
Madao: People called me by my real name.
Madao: But ever since...
Madao: Well... Because...
Madao: It's because I lost my head once and just followed my bliss.
Madao: A young girl like you should always think about the consequences of your actions.
Kagura: I don't want to hear that from a loser like you.
Kagura: Or "DORK" for short!
Madao: Yes...
Madao: I became DORK...
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san...
GINTOKI: Let's go...
GINTOKI: Our battle's over now...
GINTOKI: When we go to the casino...
Lady: Everybody's ready?
Both: Even!
GINTOKI: We leave without the clothes on our backs.
GINTOKI: Enough already...
Madao: Tomorrow is Hatsu's birthday.
GINTOKI: I see... Your wife's...
Madao: I still want to look good for Hatsu.
Madao: despite being a failure.
Madao: That's what's kept me floundering around this whole time.
Madao: I worked my ass off to find a job.
Madao: I struggled in vain to escape this lifestyle.
Madao: But my efforts always ended in failure...
Madao: Is this the DORK Spiral?
GINTOKI: It's just your imagination.
Madao: but the trial was the last time I saw her in person.
GINTOKI: Sorry.
GINTOKI: He didn't wear the suit you prepared.
GINTOKI: What a stubborn bastard.
GINTOKI: You're perfect for each other in those dirty clothes.
Madao: Hatsu...
Judge: I will now deliver the committee's verdict.
Judge: is found guilty.
Judge: Of the crime of making his wife cry.
Judge: Go after her right away.
Judge: That's your sentence.
Madao: Magistrate!
Judge: so I shall take custody of them personally.
Madao: Why?!
Madao: How badly do you want to watch those DVDs?!
Madao: Hatsu!
Madao: Wait! Hold on!
Madao: I need to tell you something!
Kagura: DORK! We'll get your compensation for you!
Madao: Hatsu!
Madao: I've made her suffer so much...
Madao: I want to at least buy her a present.
Madao: Go ahead.
Madao: Everything's fallen apart.
Madao: Still...
Madao: I can't back down.
Madao: I can't force you to stay here any longer.
GINTOKI: Go home?
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous.
GINTOKI: I'm finally getting the hang of it.
Madao: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: We're staying to the end.
GINTOKI: I'll watch your battle all the way through.
Madao: I won't give up.
Madao: As long as there's a 1% chance...
Madao: As long as I still have my underwear...
GINTOKI: Make sure you have no regrets.
Madao: Gin-san...
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san...
Both: It's on!
Madao: Yes...
Madao: The cost varies depending on the risk.
Madao: The fleeting thrill of betting money and putting yourself on the line...
Madao: The ardor and frustration from empathizing with the horse and jockey...
Madao: Different people bet different things.
Madao: But I
Madao: will bet my life on this horse!
Madao: Everything on number 13 winning!
Lady: Gotcha.
Lady: 300 yen on number 13.
Madao: I'm staking everything on your explosive speed!
Madao: Hatsu...
Madao: I have a feeling I can change if I win this race...
Madao: Hatsu!
GINTOKI: Go! Cheap Impact!
Madao: You said you'd watch my battle all the way through!
GINTOKI: But I have my own battle going on at the same time.
GINTOKI: Go! All the way through!
Madao: That's wrong! And dishonest!
Madao: And you're supposed to be the main character?!
GINTOKI: Exactly!
GINTOKI: This was the method I arrived at!
GINTOKI: Think about it.
GINTOKI: You're falling down a serious DORK Spiral.
GINTOKI: It didn't matter what your prediction was.
GINTOKI: The result would always be another step ahead.
GINTOKI: So I decided to bet
GINTOKI: on your tendency to have things backfires.
Madao: Wh-What does that mean?
GINTOKI: Don't hold a grudge.
GINTOKI: I'm sick of losing everything with you when we gamble together!
GINTOKI: to become a winner!
Madao: I'm not the only one who suffers from the DORK Spiral backfiring.
GINTOKI: You're such a poor loser.
GINTOKI: Look at how my horse is leading...
Madao: Here it comes!
GINTOKI: What?!
Madao: It's the DORK Cup's final match to determine if I can escape this DORK Spiral!
GINTOKI: Run away from Justaway!
GINTOKI: Keep going! Keep going! Keep going! Keep going!
Madao: Pass him! Pass him! Pass him! Pass him!
Madao: Please! Please! Please! Please!
Madao: H-Here it comes...
GINTOKI: Man! I can't take this anymore!
GINTOKI: Damn it! Damn it! I demand a do over!
Madao: I did it...
Madao: I've finally escaped the DORK Spiral...
Madao: I can finally graduate from being DORK...
GINTOKI: Isn't that nice?
Madao: Hatsu...
Madao: Now I can go see you with my head held high...
Madao: Wh-What was that?
Madao: I couldn't hear what he said.
Madao: What does it say on the screen?
GINTOKI: Which means...
GINTOKI: My ticket won!
GINTOKI: What the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: What did I do to deserve this?
GINTOKI: Why did this have to happen?!
GINTOKI: Why me?! Why?!
GINTOKI: [Suicide Note]
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san!
GINTOKI: [Always remembered...]
Madao: I'm not dead!
Madao: God...
Madao: The staff is made up of a bunch of heartless bastards
Madao: who kill somebody off because they can't come up with a punch line!
Madao: Weren't you ever taught that crickets and worms
Madao: are still living creatures so you just treat them with care?!
Madao: Hey! Give it up already!
GINTOKI: What? It's okay for me to bitch a bit?
GINTOKI: I can't really think of anything.
 Name:  Text
Elizabeth: Excuse me.
Elizabeth: Where's the Oedo Store?
GINTOKI: Got that right.
GINTOKI: When will I get some warm action going on?
GINTOKI: [Note: "Warm action" refers to getting some more money in his wallet.]
GINTOKI: Can you fix one up?
GINTOKI: You know what they say.
GINTOKI: Something sweet helps when you're exhausted.
GINTOKI: I was born this way.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: There really isn't anything on my mind...
Hijikata: 'Sup.
GINTOKI: Not at all. Go ahead.
GINTOKI: It's freezing out there.
GINTOKI: It wasn't this bad yesterday.
Hijikata: Indeed.
Hijikata: We're pretty much guaranteed to have snow...
Hijikata: Give me hot sake.
Hijikata: [Note: Fish cakes and tofu fritters are popular items in an Oden hotpot.]
Hijikata: And the usual...
Hijikata: Huh?
GINTOKI: Do you have a lot of complaining to do?
Hijikata: Could you butt out? Please stop.
GINTOKI: Huh? You're here today to complain again?
Hijikata: Stop it!
GINTOKI: Sounds hard... No wonder you want to complain.
Hijikata: Though he's a gorilla.
Hijikata: It's not like I'm badmouthing him all the time.
Hijikata: Pops!
Hijikata: Die!
Hijikata: You die!
GINTOKI: I see. That sounds rough.
Hijikata: It's like a figure of speech...
Hijikata: Like an expression of love...
Hijikata: Look carefully. Look carefully at the fourth item!
Hijikata: Stare long and hard!
GINTOKI: I got it. I got it. I got it.
GINTOKI: Don't worry. Don't worry.
Hijikata: Look carefully at the third item.
Kondo: So I had a drink over there.
Kondo: But now is when I get serious!
Kondo: This looks fun!
Kondo: Ah?
Hijikata: Can't we drop that subject already?
Hijikata: Can't we drop it already?
Kondo: Huh? What? What story?
Hijikata: Ah! What?! Is that UFO?!
Hijikata: Look!
Hijikata: That's definitely a UFO!
Kondo: Heh...
Kondo: That kinda sounds rough...
Kondo: What a coincidence.
Kondo: I have the same nickname as that person.
Kondo: I'm not!
Kondo: Not at all! Just got something in my eye!
Kondo: I have allergies!
Hijikata: I'm feeling sick after drinking too much.
Kondo: They don't need to hear my story!
GINTOKI: Wow... That's impressive.
GINTOKI: He's her bodyguard...
GINTOKI: A bodyguard that hides under eaves and stuff...
GINTOKI: You won't.
GINTOKI: You won't find a bodyguard like that.
GINTOKI: That wouldn't be called a bodyguard.
Kondo: Ah! Isn't that Kazuo Umezu?!
Kondo: {\a6}[Note: Kazuo Umezu is considered the godfather of Japanese horror manga.]
Kondo: Look!
Kondo: That has to be Kazuo Umezu!
Kondo: Let's all go and do the famous hand sign!
Kondo: {\a6}[Note: "Guwashi!" is a handsign used in the manga "Makoto-chan" by Kazuo Umezu.]
Tae: Good evening.
Tae: so I thought I might offer my appreciation for imposing all the time.
Tae: Um...
Tae: Are you okay?
Tae: Onion? It's a green onion.
Hijikata: Gori-san!
Tae: It must be a phantom killer.
Tae: The work of a phantom killer.
Tae: How terrifying...
Hijikata: I've never heard of a killer that stabs people with green onions!
GINTOKI: This must be the work of a real monster.
GINTOKI: To harden a sprig of green onion to such a degree and stab without being noticed...
GINTOKI: They must be an enhancer type of nen power.
GINTOKI: {\a6}[Note: A parody of HUNTER X HUNTER.]
Tae: Don't worry.
Hijikata: I'm off then!
GINTOKI: Hey! Wait!
GINTOKI: You're going to leave me alone here?!
GINTOKI: Leave me alone in a cage with an enraged monster?!
Tae: What are you talking about?
Tae: But they're already gone.
GINTOKI: That was fast!
GINTOKI: All the way over there in no time!
Tae: Just forget about it.
Tae: Why not have a drink with me?
Tae: I'll pour the sake for you.
GINTOKI: You think?
Tae: Do you come to this place often?
GINTOKI: I just happened to get off the train early and noticed this oddly named place: the Whinery...
GINTOKI: {\a6}[Note: Parody of TV show  "Burari Tochu Gesha (Getting off the train early)."]
GINTOKI: Does Pony-sama come here to complain often?
GINTOKI: That's more than what I was expecting...
GINTOKI: Holy cow!
GINTOKI: How much pent-up hate does she have?!
GINTOKI: How much complaining has she done?!
GINTOKI: A bona-fide whinery!
GINTOKI: A whinery specialist!
GINTOKI: I can already picture it.
GINTOKI: Glasses and that whole package.
Tae: Smegma Samurai.
GINTOKI: Isn't that a little too cruel?
GINTOKI: That's got nothing to do with Smeggy Sammy.
GINTOKI: That's a part of nature.
Tae: Oh? Really?
Tae: What kind of nature would this be?
GINTOKI: The fact that the brother follows him when he has no money
GINTOKI: shows how much he cares for the brother...
Tae: What could you possibly know about Smeggy Sammy?
GINTOKI: I know more than you do!
GINTOKI: I understand Smeggy Sammy 100%!
GINTOKI: What do you mean by plotting?
GINTOKI: That sounds really scary...
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: What are you two plotting?!
GINTOKI: What are you going to do to Smeggy Sammy?!
GINTOKI: She just went to procure a weapon!
GINTOKI: It was her!
GINTOKI: She's going to leave a green onion sticking out of Smeggy Sammy's back!
GINTOKI: I'll leave the money here.
Tae: Oh? He already closed.
Tae: I see.
GINTOKI: Wanna get a drink?
Tae: Huh?
Tae: Are you sure?
Tae: You may have to listen to my complaints until morning.
GINTOKI: That's fine.
GINTOKI: Since I understand the true meaning of a complaint.
Kondo: Wait!
Kondo: I won't forgive you for holding hands with Pony-chan!
Hijikata: Gori-san! Don't force yourself!
Hijikata: The green onion's still in your back!
GINTOKI: Who was that?
shinpachi: The next episode...
shinpachi: Any place with a bunch of men gathered around will turn into a battlefield!
 Name:  Text
Song: Feeling all beat by 6 PM.
Song: [The Takao-san Hour\NSmile!\NIs that Good?]
Song: Virgins tend to be timid.
Song: Getting all bitchy by 6 PM.
Song: [The "Good?" Middle Aged Corps:\NMako          Mansion          Ken]
Song: Still gonna be a virgin tomorrow.
Song: Kore wa pen desu.
Song: This is a pen.
Song: Yosan wo agete.
Song: Give me money!
Song: We're the only ones using 4:3 in this day and age.
Song: Apologizing when you don't even mean it.
Song: Going "give me chocolate" when a jeep shows up.
Song: Laugh away! Bitchin' sparking! Yay!
Song: There's always the next life.
Song: So it's all good!
Song: Coming straight up!
Song: Tomoro Taguchi!
Song: It's all good. It's all good.
Song: Tomoro Taguchi!
Tomoro: We'll take a commercial break now.
Tomoro: Good evening.
All: Good evening!
Tomoro: It sure was warm today.
All: Sure was!
Tomoro: Did it rain by any chance?
All: Sure did!
Tomoro: Mention both and I've covered all the bases.
All: Sure have!
Tomoro: Since we dubbed this in April.
All: Sure did!
Tomoro: We have Ketsuno here.
Tomoro: It's a pleasure.
Ketsuno: The pleasure is all mine.
Tomoro: Well then...
Tomoro: He hasn't made an appearance since a scene in episode 150.
Tomoro: Come on down.
Tsu: Yes.
Tsu: The lyrics consist of censored words to begin with...
Tsu: The big honchos like Ani**** are always bending over for others.
Tsu: The staff keeps handing off the job of deciding how to release the CD.
Tomoro: Let's move on.
Tomoro: so let's drop the risky talk.
Tomoro: So let's introduce your friend...
Tsu: What?!
Tsu: Isn't it a little early?
Tsu: We haven't even done the hundred person survey yet.
Tomoro: so we're out of time.
All: Sure are!
Tsu: What the hell?!
Tsu: You're okay with that?!
Tsu: Isn't that the wrong time to agree?!
All: Sure is!
Tsu: Don't give me that shit!
All: Sure thing.
Song: Your mole looks a little off-color.
Audience: Ne-Ne-Ne-Ne-Necromancer!
Staff: Thank you very much!
Staff: Please be careful on your way home!
Takachin: Otsu-chan's concerts are the best.
Takachin: Nothing can replace the sense of unity in a concert hall.
Sergeant: Your Grandpa Stands Too Much When He's Pedaling.
Taka: Shin-chan!
shinpachi: I won't calm down!
shinpachi: I'll barge into every single one of their homes
shinpachi: and make them do push-ups while reciting the club creed!
Taka: They didn't quit being Otsu-chan's fans by choice!
shinpachi: Then why aren't they here?!
shinpachi: What the hell happened?!
Taka: About that!
Kawashita: We could never tell you.
Fujiyama: We didn't leave because of Otsu-chan.
shinpachi: Wh-What's with all of you?!
shinpachi: You're creeping me out!
Taka: Furuta! Kawashita! Fujiyama!
Taka: You're all...
Taka: You're all people who quit!
Taka: What are you doing here?!
Taka: Don't you feel ashamed to show your face here?!
Hijikata: You should be the ones to feel ashamed.
Hijikata: Fan Clubs of hard-line idols are relics of the past
Hijikata: from the age of Chinko Matsuda and Bakina Nakamori.
Hijikata: Your methods are old-fashioned.
Hijikata: Nobody will follow you.
Hijikata: The Tsu Terakado Fan Club has fallen.
Hijikata: The Tsusengumi!
shinpachi: Y-You're...
shinpachi: T-Toshi!
shinpachi: Why are you ending it already?!
shinpachi: It's not over!
shinpachi: The manga and fan club aren't over!
shinpachi: How is that okay?!
shinpachi: It's obviously not okay!
shinpachi: And next week's is a totally unrelated story!
shinpachi: This is just your personal wish!
GINTOKI: We can end it.
GINTOKI: The narration was pretty intense.
shinpachi: It can't be over!
shinpachi: Only half the episode's been used up!
shinpachi: How could it end at such a horrible juncture?!
GINTOKI: Just forget it.
GINTOKI: We'd just have to listen to your eternal bitching.
GINTOKI: It's a pain. Don't wanna hear it.
GINTOKI: Let it end. I'm begging you.
Kagura: Who cares about idols and whatever?
Kagura: Go do it by yourself.
shinpachi: You don't have to put it that way!
shinpachi: I'm gonna cry!
shinpachi: You should know how much effort I've put into this fan club!
shinpachi: How much I love Otsu-chan!
shinpachi: After cheering and supporting Otsu-chan this whole time...
shinpachi: Before anyone else did!
shinpachi: And then some random guy shows up and steals my members and status!
shinpachi: They're trying to steal my dream of becoming Otsu-chan's official fan club!
shinpachi: Unbelievable...
shinpachi: I didn't think that man would still be alive...
shinpachi: I thought he'd been destroyed by now...
shinpachi: The curse has yet to be broken...
shinpachi: That man still lived inside of Hijikata-san...
shinpachi: And he's a suped-up otaku now!
shinpachi: How can some half-assed idol otaku like us compete with that charismatic otaku?
shinpachi: Do we even stand a chance?!
Taka: Shin-chan!
Taka: You can't give up!
Taka: The fight isn't over yet!
Taka: The Tsu Terakado Fan Club hasn't died yet!
Taka: You still have a member!
Taka: Right here!
shinpachi: Takachin...
Taka: There should still be fan clubs that haven't been absorbed by him!
Taka: Let's join up with them to fight against him!
Taka: We'll show that guy! And the people who betrayed us!
Taka: Our fight has just begun!
GINTOKI: Forever.
GINTOKI: And GinTama just ended...
shinpachi: Don't end the series!
shinpachi: Why are you trying to turn this into an incomplete manga?!
shinpachi: It's true that these endings happen!
shinpachi: That most endings are this way!
shinpachi: But are you that desperate to not hear our story?!
shinpachi: You're going to end the series so you don't have to hear it?!
GINTOKI: I don't really understand official fan clubs or the like.
GINTOKI: What are you people trying to do?
GINTOKI: What? Official?
GINTOKI: So you win the war and become official.
GINTOKI: Then what do you have?
GINTOKI: Do you get to go out with Otsu-chan?
GINTOKI: Do you get to kiss Otsu-chan?
GINTOKI: Do you get to **** or XXXX or !@##%%?
GINTOKI: You don't.
GINTOKI: Official gets you a couple of biscuits and that's that.
shinpachi: Hell no! Why biscuits?!
GINTOKI: Then I'll give you some biscuits.
GINTOKI: Good enough?
shinpachi: Biscuit moron!
shinpachi: Official biscuit moron!
Taka: He isn't treating us like fellow humans.
shinpachi: that means that Otsu-chan is asking us to cheer for her!
shinpachi: She'll be depending on us!
GINTOKI: Not much difference.
shinpachi: There is!
shinpachi: Our motivation will get a huge boost!
shinpachi: Which means that those who aren't chosen are considered rebels!
shinpachi: Could there be a greater dishonor?!
shinpachi: It's such an aggravating thing to happen after cheering for so long!
Kagura: Then you can just join that group.
Kagura: Then you can all be members of the official fan club.
Taka: We can't join a group with those people!
Taka: They're a bunch of traitors and seditionists who encouraged the traitors!
shinpachi: That's right!
shinpachi: We're the ones who truly love Otsu-chan!
shinpachi: We're more fit to be official!
shinpachi: I don't need a member number below those freaks!
GINTOKI: Don't be so anal.
GINTOKI: So just get along.
GINTOKI: There isn't any difference between member #1 and member #100.
GINTOKI: 'Cause you're still smegma.
shinpachi: Gin-san!
Hijikata: You're going to voluntarily surrender to my troops?
Hijikata: but I recommend that you calm down and reevaluate the situation.
Hijikata: but it appears that the title of official isn't something that can simply be won by numbers.
shinpachi: Y-You bastard...
shinpachi: How dare you show your face here?!
Hijikata: I recommend you turn on the TV.
GINTOKI: What's with this guy?
GINTOKI: He walks into somebody else's house without permission and makes recommendations all over the place.
Shoji: The interview has just begun.
Tsu: Yes...
Tsu: I love all the people who listen to my songs.
Tsu: I consider them all irreplaceable.
Tsu: Which is why...
Tsu: I didn't want to assign ranks to my precious fans...
Tsu: I really didn't want that...
Tsu: That's why I tried to avoid having to make such decisions.
Tsu: But I heard that my fans were getting into big fights as a result.
Tsu: So I wasn't sure what I should do.
Tsu: That was when this program came to me and asked if I would make a decision.
Tsu: I'm going to make a Tsu Terakado official fan club! Strong as a diamond!
Taka: Shin-chan...?
Taka: Th-This is...
Taka: This is it!
GINTOKI: Four members...
Tsu: Please send in your applications!
shinpachi: Did you get hooked on the narrating thing?
Taka: So we still have a chance!
shinpachi: The next episode...
shinpachi: If a Friend Gets Injured, Take Him to the Hospital, Stat!
 Name:  Text
 Chunent: (Song)Feeling all beat by 6 PM.
 Chunent: (Song)Virgins tend to be timid.
 Chunent: (Song)Getting all bitchy by 6 PM.
 Chunent: (Song)Still gonna be a virgin tomorrow.
 Chunent: (Song)Watashi wa Tomu desu.
 Chunent: (Song)I am Tom.
 Tamosan: (Song)No way I could possibly know that!
 Tamosan: (Song)Hey! Who the hell's Tom?!
 Chunent: (Song)Yosan wo agete.
 Chunent: (Song)Give me money!
 Tamosan: (Song)We're the only ones using 4:3 in this day and age.
 Tamosan: (Song)Apologizing when you don't even mean it.
 Tamosan: (Song)[Note: This is a reference to American Admiral Perry's black ships that opened up Japan's period of isolation in 1853.]
 Tamosan: (Song)Opening up when the black ships come!
 Tamosan: (Song)Laugh away! Bitchin' sparking! Yay!
 Chunent: (Song)There's always the next life.
 Tamosan: (Song)So it's all good!
 Chunent: (Song)Project X.
 Chunent: (Song)[Note: Project X is a Japanese TV documentary series.]
 Tamosan: (Song)Tomoro Taguchi!
 Tamosan: (Song)[Note: Tomoro Taguchi is the Japanese voice actor who narrates in Project X.]
 Chunent: (Song)It's all good. It's all good.
 Tamosan: (Song)Taguchi!
 All(Son: (Song)Tomoro!
Tamosan: We'll move on to the next segment.
Tamosan: Good evening.
All: Good evening!
Tamosan: Huh? The same audience as last week?
All: Sure is!
Tamosan: Isn't coincidence a scary thing?
All: Sure is!
All: Sure are.
Tamosan: We have Ketsuno here.
Tamosan: It's a pleasure.
Ketsuno: The pleasure is all mine.
Tamosan: Now we have a guest introduced by Mako-chan-san yesterday.
Tamosan: Sadaharu-san!
Tamosan: How do we make this work?
Makoto chan: Then I'll introduce you to Sadaharu.
Tamosan: This is just a dog.
Tamosan: What do I do here?
Tamosan: I can't do anything about this.
Tamosan: And how the hell could he introduce a dog to me?
Tamosan: Huh? A poster?
Tamosan: Huh? Why?
Tamosan: Is that supposed to be some kind of advertisement?
Tamosan: And why is it still here?
Tamosan: Why didn't anybody on the staff stop this?
Tamosan: A dog can't be allowed on stage when it's this big.
Tamosan: A genius?
Tamosan: I see.
Tamosan: That must be it.
Tamosan: This dog must understand a fair amount of human speech.
Tamosan: That's why it's here.
Tamosan: I've got a chance then.
Tamosan: I haven't spent twenty-five years hosting this show for nothing.
Tamosan: I've handled all kinds of guests.
Tamosan: I can do a genius dog!
Tamosan: Did you get a haircut...
Tamosan: [Note: Parody of Cozy Tomita who is an impersonator of Tamoro.]
Shinpachi: The pianist battle to decide Otsu-chan's official fan club?!
Takachin: So we still have a chance!
Hijikata: So this is what they mean by running into Buddha in hell.
Hijikata: You've been saved by Otsu-chan...
Hijikata: Members of the Tsu Terakado Fan Club.
Hijikata: The fact is that you people can't defeat me.
Hijikata: I'll see you on the stage.
Hijikata: I'll send those drooping heads flying off.
Shinpachi: Wait.
Shinpachi: Toshi.
Shinpachi: No...
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san.
Shinpachi: You aren't Toshi.
Shinpachi: Toshi is a cowardly otaku.
Shinpachi: He would never barge into the enemy's territory.
Shinpachi: And I don't remember him laughing so obnoxiously.
Shinpachi: he would never smoke cigarettes!
Shinpachi: Posing as Toshi and making contact with otaku...
Shinpachi: Gathering all those otaku together to make a huge faction...
Shinpachi: And aiming to become Otsu-chan's official fan club on top of that...
Shinpachi: What is your objective?
Shinpachi: What are you trying to do?
Hijikata: A Toshiro Hijikata with his pathetic otaku characteristics amplified via a curse.
Hijikata: He isn't a different personality I created.
Hijikata: He's the real Toshiro Hijikata.
Toshi: Mr. Hijikata!
Hijikata: he attempted to separate from me as a separate personality
Hijikata: and sealed himself deep inside.
Toshi: Mr. Hijikata!
Hijikata: He would probably disappear eventually.
Hijikata: That's what I thought.
Hijikata: But I kept waiting and he never disappeared.
Hijikata: He's still waiting with sharp eyes to take over my body when given the chance.
Hijikata: Can you understand?
Hijikata: How I felt after getting my hands on a nice cabinet
Hijikata: only to find it filled with pretty girl anime DVDs before I knew it?
Hijikata: Can you understand?
Hijikata: only to be corralled by friends I didn't know to an hour long discussion about Ovangelion.
Hijikata: [Note: Parody of Evangelion.]
Shinpachi: That's enough.
Hijikata: I'm tired of the days of fighting.
Hijikata: When will I be able to rest?
Hijikata: he's still part of my personality.
Hijikata: I didn't refuse the fight.
Hijikata: I chose to face him head-on and talk.
Hijikata: I don't want to disappear without accomplishing anything.
Dialogue: 0,0:08:44.64,0:08:47.21,Main01,Hijikata,0000,0000,0000,,I want to leave proof of my existence.
Hijikata: That's what he said.
Hijikata: This is Toshi's dream.
Hijikata: My way of paying tribute to the departure of someone I gave birth to.
Hijikata: I will master the way of the otaku!
Hijikata: I will unite all otaku and become the king of otaku!
Hijikata: And etch proof of his existence into this world...into people's hearts!
Hijikata: I won't stop.
Hijikata: I'll conquer the otaku world!
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
Kagura: What's the king of otaku?
Kagura: How do you become one?
Kagura: Do you have to get a license somewhere?
GINTOKI: You can get one at the school in la-la land.
Hijikata: My long battle will finally be over.
GINTOKI: In hand? You're just going to be her fan club.
GINTOKI: Yeah? Do you people understand?
Hijikata: Will you still try to stop me?
GINTOKI: Hand over? She was never yours to begin with.
Hijikata: That's what I thought you would say.
Hijikata: It appears that this battle was inevitable.
Shinpachi: It's the fan club's duty to protect the princess to the very end.
Hijikata: Stop my conquest if you can!
Both: I'll be the one to become the Tsu Terakado Official Fan Club!
Otsu: Everybody!
Otsu: Do you like Otsu?!
Both: We love you!
Otsu: You love me lots?!
Both: We love you lots and lots!
Otsu: You love me lots and lots and lots?!
Both: We love you lots and lots and lots and lots!
Otsu: Wow! Amazing!
Otsu: Everybody!
Otsu: Thank you! Suicide dive!
GINTOKI: Would you be able to eat Otsu-chan's ****?!
Staff A: Wh-What's wrong with those people?!
Staff A: How can they say that stuff on a live broadcast?!
Staff B: They still managed to beep it just fine.
Staff A: Somebody!
Staff A: Get rid of those people!
Staff A: Commercial! Cut to a commercial!
GINTOKI: Okay.
GINTOKI: We're going to distribute some of Otsu-chan's **** right now.
GINTOKI: The team who finishes eating first wins.
Kagura: Whenever you're ready!
Guy A: What kind of challenge is that?!
Guy A: And how much **** do you think Otsu-chan can put out?!
Guy B: Stop ridiculing Otsu-chan!
Guy C: Otsu-chan doesn't **** or fart!
Guy C: Get lost scum!
GINTOKI: that means you also love the dirty stuff about her.
GINTOKI: Our boss here boasts that he can down eight whole plates.
GINTOKI: You people won't be able to beat our Tsu Terakado Fan Club in this lifetime.
Guy A: The Tsu Terakado Fan Club?
Guy B: They're the legendary...
Guy B: Impossible.
Guy B: I heard they were destroyed by a rising new force.
Guy A: I didn't expect them to still be around!
Guy C: This isn't funny!
Guy F: Eight plates isn't humanly possible!
Guy A: I'm the first one out!
Guy B: Second!
Security: What are you doing?!
Security: Get down here!
GINTOKI: I don't care about the membership cards.
GINTOKI: The reward money is all mine.
Kagura: What are you talking about?
Kagura: The reward money's mine.
Kagura: That's why I listened to Otsu-chan's songs over and over until I could sing them from memory.
Kagura: Your big brother's a hi-
GINTOKI: Are you stupid? Dying?
GINTOKI: This isn't a singing contest.
Takachin: Hey...
Otsu: U-Um...
Otsu: Yes.
Guy D: Only four teams out of a thousand?!
Guy E: A fierce battle right off the bat?!
Kagura: {\a6}You call yourself a hyooooo-man?
Kagura: {\a6}What planet is your maaaa-ma fr-
Otsu: Everybody!
Otsu: Come quick!
Otsu: I'll be waiting!
Guy D: Huh? We're already starting? Already starting?
Otsu: Ready...
Otsu: Set!
Otsu: Go fish!
GINTOKI: Why do otaku have such a hard time understanding how to use their bodies?
GINTOKI: You'll always find people who race off at the beginning and drop off later on like Yamcha.
GINTOKI: [Note: Yamcha is a character from Dragon Ball.]
Takachin: Let's cross the line together.
GINTOKI: I'm gonna take it easy.
Kagura: Woo-hoo!
Kagura: The money's mine!
Kagura: Yahoo!
GINTOKI: So easy that...
GINTOKI: the Hideo Nakao in my belly button was tricked by a Filipino woman and almost killed himself.
Shinpachi: And that joke is ancient.
GINTOKI: How can we possibly lose to a bunch of flabby otaku with their bellies hanging out?
GINTOKI: There wasn't any need for me to participate.
Shinpachi: That may apply to the otaku...
GINTOKI: What is it?
GINTOKI: Are you worried about something?
GINTOKI: What? You're still worried about him?
Shinpachi: Why isn't he around?
GINTOKI: There's no need to worry.
GINTOKI: Whatever.
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: How lazy are you?!
Shinpachi: You can't!
Shinpachi: Didn't they say that any team that has a member who gives up would be disqualified?!
Shinpachi: Refusing to run is the same as giving up!
GINTOKI: It'll be fine.
GINTOKI: I heard that ***** ********* was riding in a car when the cameras weren't on her on the 24-hour TV show.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of "24 Hour TV Love Saves the Earth". A popular section of this show has charity marathons run by celebrities.]
GINTOKI: And you've even got people who air pre-recorded stuff.
Shinpachi: This isn't pre-recorded!
Shinpachi: We'll lose the prize money and official membership cards!
Takachin: We're betting our fan club's existence here.
Takachin: I'll beat the crap out of you if you don't shape up!
Takachin: Like hell they're my best feature!
Takachin: I obviously harbor a complex about that!
GINTOKI: Bite your tongue.
GINTOKI: People use their complexes as a way to mature.
GINTOKI: You try to become better when you feel inferior.
GINTOKI: So you could consider it a good feature in a way.
GINTOKI: I'm gonna snap that great feature of yours.
Takachin: Do it!
Takachin: Snap them and make me handsome!
Shinpachi: Snapping them won't make you handsome!
Shinpachi: That's not the issue here!
Takachin: Damn it...
Takachin: What's the issue-
Shinpachi: Takachin!
Takachin: They snapped...
Takachin: How do they look...?
Shinpachi: That's not the issue here!
Takachin: What's the issue...?
Driver: I see.
Shinpachi: Takachin!
GINTOKI: and headed to a place we just heard about in a taxi.
Shinpachi: Huh?!
Shinpachi: This isn't the time for that!
Shinpachi: We have to take Takachin to the ER!
Shinpachi: Takachin...
Shinpachi: The E-E-E-E-E-
Shinpachi: O-Okay.
Shinpachi: L-Let's go.
GINTOKI: That's why I told you not to drink so much.
GINTOKI: At the TV station bar.
Shinpachi: H-His eyes are rolling back in his head.
Shinpachi: Rolling back in his head!
Shinpachi: He's obviously had too much to drink.
Shinpachi: M-Maybe we should go to the E-
Shinpachi: It sure is.
Yamazaki: Huh?
Hijikata: When the other teams are all my pawns...
Shinpachi: The next episode...
Shinpachi: If One Orange in the Box is Rotten, the Rest of Them Will Become Rotten Before You Know It!
 Name:  Text
 Chunent: (Song)Feeling all beat by 6 PM.
 Chunent: (Song)Everything's still all good.
 Chunent: (Song)Getting all bitchy by 6 PM.
 Chunent: (Song)Tomorrow will be all good.
 Chunent: (Song)Who actually watches this segment?
 Tamosan: (Song)No way anyone could possibly want this!
 Tamosan: (Song)The staff came up with it on a whim!
 Chunent: (Song)Yosan wo agete.
 Chunent: (Song)Give me money!
 Tamosan: (Song)We're the only ones using 4:3 in this day and age.
 Tamosan: (Song)Completely grown accustomed to getting down on my knees.
 Tamosan: (Song)Sorry about that. I'll watch myself next week!
 Tamosan: (Song)Laugh away! Bitchin' sparking! Yay!
 Chunent: (Song)Project X.
 Chunent: (Song)[Note: Project X is a Japanese TV documentary series.]
 Tamosan: (Song)Tomoro Taguchi!
 Tamosan: (Song)[Note: Tomoro Taguchi is the Japanese voice actor who narrates in Project X.]
 Chunent: (Song)It's hard to be a man.
 Chunent: (Song)[Note: From Japanese Film series "Otoko wa Tsuraiyo".]
 Tamosan: (Song)Gajiro Sato.
 Tamosan: (Song)[Note: Gajiro Sato played "Genkichi" in "It's hard being a man" series.]
 Chunent: (Song)It's all good. It's all good.
 Tamosan: (Song)Sato!
 Tamosan: (Song)[Note: Word play on Tomoro Taguchi and Gajiro Sato.]
 All(Son: (Song)Tomoro!
 Tamosan: (Song)We'll move on to the next segment.
Tamosan: Good evening.
Tamosan: It was pretty warm out today.
Tamosan: We're going to hit the rainy season soon.
Tamosan: Will you still be watching tomorrow?
Shinpachi: Takachin!
Yamazaki: Huh?
Yamazaki: Are you also participating in this tournament?
Both: Ya-Yamazaki!
Kagura: Woo-hoo!! Outta the way!
Kagura: Scram!
Kagura: The Queen's passing through!
Kagura: Piece of cake!
Kagura: The prize money's mine!
Kondo: I won't let anyone run ahead of me!
Kagura: You're...
Yamazaki: The chief asked me to participate.
Yamazaki: Put me in quite the fix.
Yamazaki: but how am I supposed to understand what's going on when you put me
Yamazaki: in this embarrassing uniform and tell me to run.
Yamazaki: but I'm not a big enough fan to want to participate in an event like this.
GINTOKI: Hey.
Yamazaki: On top of that..
GINTOKI: Th-This is bad.
GINTOKI: He's also one of them!
GINTOKI: That's his team...
Shinpachi: We have to cover this up!
GINTOKI: That sounds rough.
Yamazaki: It's too late to start running now.
GINTOKI: Y-Yeah...
Yamazaki: You don't need to put on airs.
Shinpachi: We have no choice!
Shinpachi: but that'll all be for nothing if they find out about Takachin's injury!
Shinpachi: We must make it to the finish line without anybody noticing!
GINTOKI: What the hell is she doing?!
Shinpachi: Isn't it a bit late to do anything?!
Shinpachi: Are we supposed to catch up while carrying Takachin!
GINTOKI: This is the pits!
GINTOKI: It was stupid of me to send her up ahead!
Yamazaki: Behind you. Behind you.
Yamazaki: You've picked up all kinds of junk.
Yamazaki: He hasn't moved at all.
GINTOKI: Huh?!
Yamazaki: Did something happen?
GINTOKI: N-Nothing at all!
GINTOKI: He's absolutely fine!
GINTOKI: He's just tired after running too fast at the beginning!
Yamazaki: He's got a stray dog biting down really hard on him.
Yamazaki: Those are the eyes of a dog hungering for dead flesh.
Yamazaki: Is that okay?
GINTOKI: Absolutely okay!
GINTOKI: He's got a few dogs at his old home!
GINTOKI: Maybe dogs just love him?!
Yamazaki: There's a weird old guy with a scythe bearing down on you.
Yamazaki: Is that okay?
GINTOKI: Absolutely okay!
GINTOKI: Maybe it's his dad from back home?!
GINTOKI: He must have come to cheer him on!
Yamazaki: There's also an old lady with wings on her back bearing down on you.
Yamazaki: Is that okay?
GINTOKI: It's his mom!
GINTOKI: Both of them came!
GINTOKI: What a wonderful family!
Yamazaki: Master! He's completely exposed now!
Yamazaki: Are you sure he's okay?! Hey!
GINTOKI: Absolutely okay!
GINTOKI: A little sun visor's covering it!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: This is impossible!
Shinpachi: This is impossible to cover up!
Shinpachi: Takachin's body won't be able to bear all of this!
GINTOKI: Damn it...
GINTOKI: I have no choice!
GINTOKI: Sacrifices must be made at times!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: I'm counting on you to catch-up!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Where are you going?!
GINTOKI: I'll take Taka-chin to the hospital for now!
Shinpachi: We won't be able to avoid his disqualification!
GINTOKI: I vow to bring him back once he's been looked at!
GINTOKI: I promise!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: That's a clinic for urologic plastic surgery!
Shinpachi: What are you having him looked at for?!
Yamazaki: He won't be able to make it back in that state.
Yamazaki: Just give up quietly and join the spectators.
Shinpachi: I won't give up!
Shinpachi: All I can do is believe in them and move on!
Yamazaki: What a waste of effort.
Yamazaki: The Tsusengumi's victory is all but...
GINTOKI: He's pretty quick.
GINTOKI: We might have a chance at this rate.
Yamazaki: That was fast!
GINTOKI: What? You got a problem with me coming back so fast?
Yamazaki: Where's that injured guy?
Yamazaki: Did you just dump him off somewhere?
Yamazaki: You're such a kidder.
Yamazaki: What's the point in buying a little time?
Yamazaki: He won't be coming back.
Yamazaki: Huh?
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: Over here!
GINTOKI: You need to work out more.
Yamazaki: Who is that?!
Yamazaki: Who is that?!
Yamazaki: Who is this person?!
Yamazaki: Isn't this a completely different person?!
Yamazaki: Who is this brazen foreigner?!
GINTOKI: Huh? What do you say?
GINTOKI: It's Taka-tin.
GINTOKI: It's obviously Taka-tin and nobody else.
GINTOKI: That's true.
Yamazaki: Look at this guy from any angle and any position and this guy's got nothing on him!
GINTOKI: Since Taka-tin was just released from surgery.
Yamazaki: What kind of surgery?!
Yamazaki: I'm talking about his character!
Yamazaki: It's not like you ordered the wrong guy here!
Yamazaki: Why are you speaking in English?!
GINTOKI: Don't try to pick a fight here.
GINTOKI: He's the real deal. 100% genuine.
Yamazaki: Lose the crappy English accent! It's pissing me off!
GINTOKI: Taka-tin had that French bread-looking pompadour.
Yamazaki: He's just carrying a loaf of French bread in his hand!
Yamazaki: You could at least put the bread on his head!
Yamazaki: Why is he just standing there?!
Yamazaki: Why is he standing there with French bread?!
GINTOKI: A man becomes an adult when he's had the hat down there removed.
GINTOKI: He's dropped the sun visor to stand out where everyone can see.
GINTOKI: So he's probably trying to act a little more mature.
GINTOKI: [Note: Gintoki is taking about a circumcision and the surgical operation used to fix phimosis.]
Yamazaki: Like I said! What kind of treatment was it?!
Yamazaki: How could he possibly have turned into a huge adult who can't fit into a T-shirt?!
GINTOKI: [Note: Turtleneck sweaters are often used in ads as a symbol of phimosis.]
Taka-tin: Time is money.
GINTOKI: We need to be on our way.
Yamazaki: He just spoke in English.
Yamazaki: He's not even trying to pretend to be him!
Yamazaki: And he's eating the French bread!
Taka-tin: Okay?
GINTOKI: Okay. Okay.
GINTOKI: Okay?
Yamazaki: Why does his compensation become French bread after three hours?!
Yamazaki: It obviously isn't okay!
Yamazaki: He's only getting twenty thousand out of this!
Taka-tin: Okay! French bread!
Yamazaki: You're okay with it?!
Yamazaki: Bread over money?!
Yamazaki: This is obviously fraud.
Yamazaki: He's nothing more than a substitute.
Yamazaki: Everybody's serious about this!
Yamazaki: I can't let this slide!
Yamazaki: Ow!
Yamazaki: The French bread is hard!
Yamazaki: The French bread hurts!
GINTOKI: Everybody's serious about this?
GINTOKI: Want me to tell you how Takachin got injured in the first place? Huh?
Shinpachi: I can't lose here!
Shinpachi: I can't let myself lose!
Hijikata: Formation Genbu.
Shinpachi: It couldn't be...
Hijikata: What a naive bunch of people...
Hijikata: Between the committee running this contest and your little fan club...
Hijikata: Five thousand participants in this tournament.
Hijikata: You still haven't noticed that this contest isn't all fun and games?
Hijikata: A thousand teams versus one.
Hijikata: Five thousand versus four.
Hijikata: The only people in this competition are yours and mine.
Shinpachi: Th-That's impossible...
Shinpachi: All of them belong to the Tsusengumi?!
Shinpachi: They're all our enemies?!
Shinpachi: No way...
Shinpachi: It can't be!
Shinpachi: How could you have become such a large force...?
Hijikata: The battle was over before it even began.
Hijikata: Yes.
Hijikata: This isn't a contest for becoming the Official Fan Club.
Hijikata: It's merely a ritual.
Hijikata: A little celebration to cleanse Toshi.
Hijikata: And you people are the sacrifices.
Hijikata: Nobody likes sacrifices that don't know when to give up.
Hijikata: You shouldn't be roaring for a fight. You should be accepting your fate.
Shinpachi: Damn it! Damn it!
Shinpachi: I won't give up!
Shinpachi: I refuse to give up!
Shinpachi: I made a promise with Gin-san!
Shinpachi: I'm sure that Gin-san will keep this team alive!
Shinpachi: I must keep our hopes alive!
Shinpachi: I must find a path...
Shinpachi: I don't care how thin it may be.
Shinpachi: I will find the ray of light that leads to victory!
Shinpachi: Found it...
Shinpachi: A little more... Just a little more!
Shinpachi: This is our last chance!
Shinpachi: I'm definitely going to take it!
Shinpachi: Victory! Victory for all of us!
GINTOKI: That's enough.
GINTOKI: We'll handle the rest.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Takachi...
GINTOKI: Taka-tin.
Taka-Tin: French bread!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Who is that?
All: A Little Ginpachi Sensei!
Ginpachi: is okay?
Ginpachi: Nice to meet you.
Ginpachi: I just noticed something.
Ginpachi: Shinpachi is a fan of Otsu.
Ginpachi: And Kagura likes enka.
Ginpachi: [Note: Enka is Japanese traditional popular music.]
Ginpachi: So what kind of music does Gin-san like?
Ginpachi: Gin-san doesn't listen to music.
Ginpachi: He hums a few commercial jingles every now and then.
Ginpachi: So you remember back when I sang A Thousand Winds?
Ginpachi: [Note: Episode #133]
Ginpachi: Tomokazu, do a better job of singing.
Ginpachi: [Note: The voice actor is Tomokazu Sugita.]
Ginpachi: Okita probably listens to comic storytellings.
Ginpachi: [Note: Japanese comic storytelling (Rakugo) is Japanese verbal entertainment.]
Ginpachi: A question from pen name Kaishu Katsu should be in GinTama.
Ginpachi: Hello.
Ginpachi: it says that Yuu Saito assisted in the production.
Ginpachi: How exactly do they assist in the production of the GinTama anime?
Ginpachi: Please let me know.
Ginpachi: They don't do anything at all.
Ginpachi: Enjoy the company's money next week.
Shinpachi: Who are you?!
Shinpachi: Who the hell are you?!
Taka-Tin: The next episode...
Taka-Tin: From a foreigner's perspective, you're the foreigner.
Taka-Tin: From an alien's perspective, you're the alien.
Taka-Tin: Yeah!
Shinpachi: So who the hell are you?!
Taka-Tin: Taka-tin.
Taka-Tin: [The Fan Club versus the Tsusengumi. They begin with a quiz!]
 Name:  Text
Song: Feeling all beat by 6 PM.
Song: Everything's still all good.
Song: Getting all bitchy by 6 PM.
Song: Tomorrow will be all good.
Song: Yosan wo agete.
Song: Give me money!
Song: Yes!
Song: We're the only ones using 4:3 in this day and age.
Song: Sharingan hiding behind my sunglasses.
Song: Laugh away! Bitchin' sparking! Yay!
Song: Project X.
Song: Project.
Song: Project X.
Song: Project.
Song: Project.
Tamo: We'll cut to a commercial for now.
Tamo: We'll cut to a commercial for now.
All: What?!
Tamo: Good evening.
All: Good evening!
Tamo: Today's the last episode.
All: Sure is!
Tamo: We'll cut to a commercial for now.
All: What?!
Tamo: We've had a lot of commercial breaks today.
All: Sure have!
Tamo: Shall I call in a guest now?
All: Sure thing!
Tamo: Then we'll cut to a commercial first...
Tamo: What? We're out of commercials?
Tamo: I see...
Tamo: Then we'll cut to GinTama for now.
Shinpachi: I'm definitely going to take it!
Shinpachi: Victory! Victory for all of us!
GINTOKI: We'll handle the rest.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Taka-chin!
Shinpachi: Who is that?
Tsu: Well done. Majumbo lottery.
Hijikata: Thank you very much. Huge mountain.
Camera: Excuse me! Could you look this way?
Hijikata: They still haven't realized that these people were my pawns to begin with?
Hijikata: You're having trouble holding them back?
Hijikata: It doesn't matter.
Hijikata: It isn't possible for them to break through that human wall.
Hijikata: D-Don't tell me they...
Hijikata: No... That's not...
Hijikata: Who the hell is that?!
GINTOKI: Okay!
Taka: Yes!
Hijikata: Hold it right there!
Hijikata: Who the hell is that?!
Hijikata: Where did you get him?!
Hijikata: Why is a total stranger crossing the finish line in slow motion?!
Hijikata: This guy wasn't on your team!
GINTOKI: We already saw that reaction enough times last week.
Hijikata: What's with the attitude?!
Hijikata: How can you be so shameless when you used an illegal sub?!
GINTOKI: Illegal sub?
Hijikata: Evidence? That guy right there is the evidence!
GINTOKI: you've matured so much that by the time
GINTOKI: you cross the finish line you're practically a different person...
Hijikata: He's a different person!
Hijikata: He's obviously a different person!
GINTOKI: You just don't get it.
GINTOKI: Yamazaki-kun has also matured and completely changed.
Hijikata: His hairdo's changed!
Hijikata: Why would his hairdo change during a marathon?!
Hijikata: Why would a hairdo mature during a marathon?!
Yamazaki: How am I supposed to carry out my job as inspector with this wild hairdo?
Yamazaki: I'm sorry. I goofed up.
Yamazaki: Just overlook it.
Yamazaki: They're holding a much bigger offense over our heads.
Okita: Don't worry. Don't worry.
Okita: I won't get caught.
Okita: To Toshiro Hijikata.
GINTOKI: Oh?
GINTOKI: He looks awfully familiar.
GINTOKI: Isn't that--
Hijikata: That's right! There was a foreigner on your team!
GINTOKI: Taka-tin.
Hijikata: Yeah! Taka-tin!
Hijikata: Sorry about making false accusations.
Hijikata: Yamazaki's also grown so fine.
Hijikata: No looking around. Let's just move on!
GINTOKI: As long as you understand...
GINTOKI: You should have behaved to begin with.
Officer: Is this okay?
Officer: I can take you inside.
Kondo: This is fine.
Officer: Then be careful.
Officer: Don't get lost again.
Kagura: How is that a stretch?!
Kagura: Did you ever say that we couldn't get in a car?!
Kondo: How could we possibly know?!
Kondo: Do you have any idea how stupid we are?!
Kondo: Don't underestimate us!
Kagura: That's right! Don't play us for fools!
Tsu: To go as far as to use a car in a marathon to come see me...
Tsu: I believe that it can only be love!
GuyA: Hey! Are you serious?!
GuyA: What was all our effort for?!
GuyB: You should have told us in the beginning!
GuyB: How are you going to make up for this?!
Hijikata: This is bad. Very bad...
Hijikata: I didn't expect to end up in a direct confrontation with them.
Hijikata: Only my pawns would have remained once I eliminated their fan club.
Hijikata: I figured I could just wing it and picked up random members.
Okita: Who are you?
Hijikata: What do I do? What do I do?!
Kondo: You okay?
Kondo: Don't worry.
Kondo: The people here
Kondo: are among the few who know that you've been possessed by that demonic sword.
Kondo: True comrades gathered to free you from that fiendish blade!
Kondo: We won't lose to that money-hungry bunch.
Kondo: They're such a shy bunch!
Kondo: I've gotta go play golf with the old man at three.
Kondo: What time does this end?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
Shinpachi: Charge!
Shinpachi: Why are you moving on like nothing's wrong?!
Shinpachi: Why are you starting the finals without me?!
Shinpachi: I just finished the marathon and made it here!
Shinpachi: I had to struggle to make it here after being used as a decoy by my comrades!
Kagura: I didn't even notice.
GINTOKI: We were moving along like nothing was wrong at all.
Shinpachi: What?
Shinpachi: Wait...
Shinpachi: Seriously? Nobody noticed that I was missing?
Shinpachi: Could you drop the serious looks?
Shinpachi: I'll tear you all apart.
Shinpachi: Hold it right there!
Shinpachi: You people were the ones who said it was okay
Shinpachi: as long as one member on the team placed!
Shinpachi: You people were the ones who forgot about me!
GINTOKI: We don't need you to beat these guys down!
Shinpachi: That's not Shinpachi!
Shinpachi: Those aren't even Shinpachi's glasses!
Hijikata: Score.
Shinpachi: but could you at least use a better image to represent me?!
Shinpachi: And why are they cracked?!
Shinpachi: What's that supposed to mean?!
Shinpachi: What?! I really don't get to participate?!
Shinpachi: I don't get to join in?!
Shinpachi: This is super easy!
Shinpachi: Am I not allowed to say it?!
Shinpachi: Am I not allowed to tell my team members?!
Hijikata: Roman Horrorday.
Shinpachi: He's right...
Shinpachi: The last movie Otsu-chan went to see with her father...
Shinpachi: Roman Horrorday!
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
Shinpachi: he's done his research about Otsu-chan.
Shinpachi: This is bad...
Shinpachi: Gin-san and the others don't stand a chance without me!
Hijikata: This contest is mine!
Both: What?!
Otsu: So close.
Hijikata: Hold on! Forgot to...?
Hijikata: That wasn't a rule...
Hijikata: How was that one notch...?!
Shinpachi: Was that really just one notch?
Shinpachi: That's like a 90 degree angle.
Hijikata: How capricious are you?!
Hijikata: Did I do something bad to you?!
Hijikata: Was it so wrong of me not to use an Otsu suffix?!
Shinpachi: What do we do?
Shinpachi: Nobody in there knows a thing about Otsu-chan!
Hijikata: I'm sure that the other side also recruited members at random.
Hijikata: We're both in the same situation.
Shinpachi: It'd be better to wait for the other team to screw up instead of fumbling for an answer.
Both: Don't answer!
Both: Don't say anything!
Shinpachi: Pressing the buzzer so early when you don't know anything?!
Shinpachi: Who was that?!
Shinpachi: Who the hell did that?!
Shinpachi: Wh-Why did you press it?!
Shinpachi: You have the least chance!
Shinpachi: You definitely have no clue!
Shinpachi: And what is that?!
Taka: Please wait a moment.
Shinpachi: Why did you press the buzzer so early when you can barely speak?!
Shinpachi: And who the hell is that?!
Shinpachi: It's too odd for him to press the buzzer when so many factors are against him.
Shinpachi: And the way he looks so confident...
Shinpachi: Maybe we have a chance here...
Taka: Sorry. Can I go take a piss? Kadomatsu mark the way to hell.
Shinpachi: He just wants to take a piss?!
Shinpachi: You hit the buzzer so you could say that?!
Shinpachi: And how come your Otsu suffix sounded perfectly fluent when the rest was shaky?!
Shinpachi: That was a phrase most Japanese people don't even know!
Shinpachi: We've been done in!
Shinpachi: Now we're one question in the hole...
Tsu: Can I go take a piss?
Shinpachi: H-He got it right!
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: What kind of miracle was that?!
Kagura: Amazing!
Taka: N-No...
Kondo: Uh...
Kondo: Otsu-chan?
Kondo: Is it my imagination or is my slide the only one at an extremely steep angle?
Kondo: What might this mean?
Kondo: Hey! You're ignoring me?!
Kondo: You're gonna ignore me?!
Shinpachi: What?! They haven't even played anything!
Shinpachi: Why you?!
Shinpachi: Didn't you want to go take a piss?!
Shinpachi: And what kind of answer are you going to give without watching the clip?!
Taka: What was it again...?
Shinpachi: What?
Shinpachi: Could it be...
Taka: Do the bathrooms here have washlets? Hit the ball Kiyohara-kun.
Shinpachi: This time it's number two?!
Taka: Shit!
Shinpachi: Don't reveal private information about an idol that nobody wants to know!
Shinpachi: What?!
Hijikata: Fool.
Hijikata: A miracle can't happen three times in a row.
Hijikata: You'll be in the water for sure!
Shinpachi: That person isn't ordinary!
Shinpachi: He'll make this work somehow...
Shinpachi: He'll give us another miracle!
Shinpachi: He's actually done it!
Shinpachi: What?!
Shinpachi: So he just wanted to take a shit?!
Shinpachi: He's done it now!
Shinpachi: He might have made it in time if he'd said something earlier!
Shinpachi: And his Otsu suffix sounds a little strained!
Shinpachi: Just let him go already!
Shinpachi: Just raise it all the way and finish him off!
Shinpachi: He's done well!
Shinpachi: You can change your underwear all you want!
Shinpachi: The Otsu suffix was right?!
Shinpachi: And what kind of questions are these for a quiz about a popular idol?!
Shinpachi: He's just a foreigner who's crapped his pants and wants to change his underwear!
Shinpachi: Just let him go already!
Kagura: Taka-tin!
Shinpachi: Forget the "hey"!
Shinpachi: Enough with the "hey" already!
Shinpachi: Just let him use the water to wash down!
Shinpachi: But we're on the verge of winning...
Shinpachi: Taka-tin soiled his pants to earn the blessing of the goddess of victory!
Shinpachi: We'll do whatever we can to keep her on our side!
Kondo: Could it be that by some chance...
Kondo: You hate me...?
Shinpachi: Glamour?!
Shinpachi: How do you have a glamour showdown?!
Shinpachi: How do you decide who wins?!
Hijikata: The next episode...
Hijikata: Laputa's Still Good After Seeing It So Many Times.
Both: Barusu!
Both: [Next week is about maybe going to that place.]
 Name:  Text
Kondo: Did what?
Okita: You've taken all the glory.
Okita: Good effort.
Kondo: Huh? What glory?
Kagura: It doesn't matter how well you did if we didn't win.
Kagura: You can't sell a crappy song that's never hit number one in this country.
Hijikata: We just have to keep this up and take the second match. Then victory will be ours.
Shinpachi: Damn it...
Shinpachi: We could have won if I had been up there...
Shinpachi: We definitely won't lose the next one.
Shinpachi: We can't let it end like this!
Shinpachi: What are you implying by "nice and quiet accommodations"?!
Otaku: What the hell?!
Otaku: How can you do this to an idol?!
Shinpachi: Three minutes?
Shinpachi: That's it?
Kondo: I'm guessing that you're the one hitting on her.
Kondo: you should be well-versed in the female heart.
Hijikata: Give me a break.
Hijikata: It'd be embarrassing to hit on a girl in front of all these people.
Hijikata: Just go with Yamazaki or something.
Yamazaki: How am I supposed to hit on a girl with this hair?
Yamazaki: [Fist of the North Star is a famous manga and anime series.]
Yamazaki: I can't play anything beyond a side role in Fist of the North Star.
Yamazaki: You need to do this yourself.
Okita: I don't want to embarrass myself so I'll just narrate behind the scenes.
Hijikata: Why are you deciding this on your own?
Yamazaki and Kondo: Okay!
Hijikata: Hey! I said to wait up! For real!
Okita: [The scene you are about to watch is just a simulation.]
Okita: The setting is a bar on the top floor of a fancy hotel with a wonderful night view.
Okita: a man is bitterly drinking his liquor alone again tonight.
Hijikata: Not bad for Sogo...
Hijikata: I guess I have no choice.
Okita: This was the man's special seat on Friday nights.
Okita: He would always arrive with no purpose and sit drinking until the place closed.
Okita: and the Friday before that.
Okita: But the Friday before that was a little different.
Okita: Because they were playing Laputa on Friday Roadshow.
Okita: [Note: Reference to Laputa: Castle in the Sky. Friday Roadshow is a movie program on Nippon TV.]
Hijikata: Who cares about that?
Hijikata: Just move on already.
Okita: and accidentally deleted Terminator 3 which he hadn't watched yet.
Hijikata: Forget that already!
Hijikata: Nobody cares about the details!
Hijikata: Just move on already!
Okita: the man became all excited as though summer vacation had just begun.
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: I told you to drop the Laputa already!
Hijikata: Where are you going with this?!
Okita: but he always felt sad as he watched Laputa rise in the ending.
Okita: As he did the time before...
Okita: And the time before that...
Hijikata: Move on already!
Hijikata: And I'm more of a Porco Rosso fan!
Okita: because he had a faint hope that he might be able to see Laputa from here.
Hijikata: That was the reason?!
Hijikata: Shouldn't there be some kind of a better reason?
Okita: But he still couldn't see Laputa tonight...
Okita: The man had a bitter look on his face.
Hijikata: That's way too bitter!
Hijikata: What kind of character am I?!
Hijikata: Forget it.
Hijikata: Stop digging into my character.
Hijikata: Just bring out Otsu.
Kondo: You're alone again tonight?
Kondo: Honestly...
Kondo: There's something wrong with all the women in this world who ignore such a lady-killer.
Hijikata: Why is Laputa my nickname?
Okita: A cheerful man who didn't discriminate against a soul.
Kondo: Cut it out already!
Kondo: Do you have to use Ghibli films to exemplify everybody's character?!
Okita: [Note: Satsuki and Mei are the two young girl main characters from My Neighbor Totoro.]
Kondo: Who cares about the master?!
Kondo: And why does he look so smug?!
Okita: But few people knew that he'd been turned off
Okita: by how realistic the crying was in the scene where
Okita: Satsuki learns that her mother won't be released from the hospital.
Hijikata: How would anybody know about something so meaningless?!
Hijikata: Nobody wants to know that useless information!
Hijikata: That's enough narrating already!
Okita: the other employees had an argument about whether to call him "the master" or "bation".
Hijikata: You meant that master?!
Hijikata: What kind of nickname is that?!
Hijikata: He's just being bullied!
Hijikata: It's hopeless.
Hijikata: This won't go anywhere if I leave it to them.
Hijikata: I have to do something...
Hijikata: Could you introduce me to a nice lady?
Hijikata: Sorry about that.
Hijikata: You're in the same bind.
Hijikata: If only a cute girl would fall out of the sky.
Yamazaki: Such a funny man...
Yamazaki: Are you Ghibler?
Yamazaki: [Note: A term for Studio Ghibli fan]
Hijikata: Here she is.
Yamazaki: Is the cute girl falling out of the sky Sheeta from Laputa?
Yamazaki: Or Kiki from Kiki's Delivery Service?
Yamazaki: moi?
Hijikata: I didn't mean you!
Yamazaki: May I join you?
Hijikata: Hell no! Who are you supposed to be?!
Hijikata: Can't you bring out Otsu already?!
Hijikata: Why bring out the stupid mohawk now?!
Hijikata: Get a clue!
Hijikata: And there aren't any women with hair like this!
Hijikata: He's making a huge impression!
Otsu: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Otsu: My work kept me late.
Hijikata: Sh-She's here!
Hijikata: I see.
Hijikata: so he can provide assistance for a smooth attack.
Hijikata: Nice thinking.
Hijikata: So he wasn't just playing a female for no reason at all.
Hijikata: Why are you in the middle?!
Otsu: [Note: Short for "mohawk" which is pronounced "Mohikan" in Japanese.]
Hijikata: I don't have time to mess with you!
Hijikata: Why is a sideshow taking the best position!
Hijikata: That's where I'm supposed to be sitting!
Hijikata: A drink?
Hijikata: Get a clue!
Hijikata: I can't get in a word edgewise!
Otsu: Excuse me.
Otsu: Could I get oolong tea?
Yamazaki: This man and I were just having
Yamazaki: a heated discussion about which Ghibli heroine was the best.
Hijikata: We weren't.
Hijikata: You're still going on about Ghibli?!
Hijikata: Who cares about that subject?!
Hijikata: You could at least ask what her type is!
Kondo: I'd have to go with Satsuki.
Hijikata: Nobody was talking to you!
Kondo: The way she looks after her little sister reminds me of Otae-san.
Kondo: She'll definitely make a wonderful mother!
Hijikata: Don't mention Otae-san.
Hijikata: You're not even acting anymore.
Hijikata: Why is the narrator participating in the conversation?!
Okita: It's actually easier to break in girls who have a lot of pride.
Okita: they're weaker than most people on the inside.
Hijikata: {\i1}What the hell are you saying?!
Okita: The ones with a hard shell fall even harder.
Hijikata: {\i1}Don't defile Ghibli!
Yamazaki: but she's not much of a woman.
Yamazaki: She doesn't even try to be fashion-conscious.
Hijikata: A person with a mohawk shouldn't be talking.
Yamazaki: She's the type with natural beauty who forgets about dressing herself up.
Hijikata: How far are you reading into this?!
Hijikata: You people are creeping me out!
Yamazaki: I'd say that Mei-chan would be the type to be completely different at a reunion.
Yamazaki: She's got a complex about her sister and she's the kind who grows with effort.
Kondo: But she can only grow so much!
Hijikata: {\i1}Talk about this back at headquarters!
Hijikata: You're the only ones getting into this conversation!
Hijikata: Do you people really love Ghibli that much?!
Hijikata: You have no intention of supporting me.
Hijikata: Otsu is being left in the dust.
Hijikata: Th-This is...
Hijikata: An odd sense of solidarity.
Hijikata: Are we starting to feel like kindred spirits?
Hijikata: Like two people who've come to the city from the country and feel left out at a party.
Hijikata: Everybody's so excited.
Hijikata: Aren't you going to go party with everyone else?
Otsu: I'm not very good with these situations.
Hijikata: This is how they usually hit it off!
Hijikata: Could it be that you guys...
Yamazaki: Now!
Okita: Isn't she a nice girl?
Okita: Invite her along.
Okita: [Note: The image is similar to the character Dola from Laputa: Castle In the Sky.]
Hijikata: The storm ceases and the clouds part.
Hijikata and Otsu: Laputa really existed!
Shinpachi: Th-That's impossible!
Otsu: I'm sorry.
Otsu: I was just going with the flow and ended up tagging along.
Otaku: Otsu-chan's no slut!
Otaku: She's just a ditz!
Otaku: Say it again and I'll murder you!
GINTOKI: Couples that are formed through collusion don't last long.
Shinpachi: during preparation and barely decided on anything.
Shinpachi: What do we do?
Shinpachi: Please give us a really romantic one.
GINTOKI: I'll give you some romantic-shmantic stuff.
GINTOKI: when demons and gods still existed...
Shinpachi: Huh?
GINTOKI: leading to a dark age where humans lived underground in fear.
Shinpachi: Wait... Gin-san?
GINTOKI: a solitary shadow moved towards the west.
Shinpachi: A romantic situation where you can hit on a girl.
GINTOKI: To the kingdom of gods said to grant any wish...
Shinpachi: It's turned into a totally different show!
GINTOKI: [Note: The title sounds like "Grand Love Hotel."]
Shinpachi: You're just trying to trick her into the place!
Shinpachi: You're just trying to pull a fast one on her!
Shinpachi: And this is no longer a charisma showdown.
Shinpachi: This is a completely different contest.
Otsu: Please stop the horse.
Otsu: That's enough.
Shinpachi: Hold on!
Otsu: I'll be going home now.
Shinpachi: We just started!
Shinpachi: Was there something you didn't like?
Shinpachi: Did we make some kind of mistake?
Otsu: What's with the Gandara Vehotel?!
Otsu: You're obviously thinking about something dirty!
Otsu: You're not even trying to hide it!
Shinpachi: I-I'm not!
Shinpachi: I'm not thinking about anything along those lines!
Shinpachi: It's Gandara...
Shinpachi: Vehotel! Vehotel!
Otsu: I don't like people who think about that stuff right off the bat.
GINTOKI: Wait! Wait!
GINTOKI: It's wrong! I got the title wrong!
GINTOKI: Here we go.
Shinpachi: Nothing changed!
Shinpachi: You just made it all Hiro Tsunoda-like!
GINTOKI: We absolutely won't!
GINTOKI: We'll just be resting a bit.
GINTOKI: Just going off to save the world!
GINTOKI: So let's make a little stop and take a little break.
Shinpachi: You're starting to sound like a pathetic guy
Shinpachi: who's begging a girl who changed her mind at the entrance.
GINTOKI: Just need to go in a little!
GINTOKI: Just a little bit!
Shinpachi: Don't make it worse!
GINTOKI: I just wanted to save the world.
GINTOKI: You're just making me feel bad.
Shinpachi: You're talking too much for a narrator.
GINTOKI: Forget it! Do whatever you want!
GINTOKI: I didn't think you were so selfish!
Kagura: It can get scary if the Narry gets mad.
Shinpachi: Who the hell is Narry?!
Shinpachi: Don't make it sound like Daddy!
Taka-tin: Just apologize.
Taka-tin: I'll apologize with you.
Taka-tin: Let's tell Narry we're sorry.
Shinpachi: Why do you sound like the mother?!
GINTOKI: Forget it.
Shinpachi: It's a chain?!
Shinpachi: And we're in Gotanda?!
Kagura: Yay!
Kagura: We can finally rest!
GINTOKI: So? What are you going to do?
Tsu: Camp outside.
GINTOKI: Do whatever you want.
GINTOKI: Don't come crying if you're eaten by a demon.
Shinpachi: Why are you walking around?!
Shinpachi: Isn't he just an old man?!
Shinpachi: Isn't he the demon?!
Kagura: This is delicious!
Kagura: I haven't had anything to eat in forever!
GINTOKI: You're all so greedy!
Otsu: I'm not feeling lonely at all...
Otsu: I'm fine being alone.
Otsu: but I refused to stay in any Gandara Vehotel.
Otsu: I grew accustomed to camping outside.
Otsu: but I must have been lucky as I was never attacked by demons in my sleep.
Otsu: I would see demon footprints in the sand around me.
Otsu: Were they afraid of me?
Otsu: Or were they after me?
Otsu: I was more focused on how envious I was of the merry sounds coming from the Vehotel.
Otsu: How could they leave me alone to have so much fun?
Otsu: Why won't anyone come invite me?
Otsu: I continued to think such selfish thoughts as I camped outside.
Otsu: I was woken up by a strange sensation.
Otsu: I had been surrounded by demons.
Otsu: Yes...
Otsu: I finally saw the demons the footprints belonged to...
Otsu: The demons weren't afraid of me or after me...
Otsu: They were protecting me...
GINTOKI: They're fools.
GINTOKI: Do you think people who do this would be capable of dirty acts?
GINTOKI: Why would those who protect your sleeping face want to defile it?
Otsu: That was when I saw...
Otsu: There was sand on Narry's butt.
GINTOKI: a new voice could be heard among the merry voices
GINTOKI: in the Gandara Vehotel.
GINTOKI: That laughing voice was higher than the others and echoed through the desert.
Kondo: Refreshed?! Wasn't there something obviously wrong?!
Kondo: Otsu-chan became the narrator halfway through!
Kondo: There's clear evidence that Otsu-chan was in on the planning!
Kondo: Why am I being ignored?!
Otsu: Let's see...
Otsu: Both sides performed wonderfully.
Otsu: The characters stood out and the setting was fleshed out.
Otsu: The Tsu Terakado Fan Club wins!
Kondo: Hey! That was like judging a manga!
Kondo: What about the charisma?!
Kondo: Wasn't this a charisma showdown?!
Kondo: Why am I being ignored?!
Shinpachi: The next episode...
Shinpachi: Love Asks for Nothing in Return.
 Name:  Text
Otsu: I'm still having so much trouble releasing a CD in real life.
Otsu: And there's only one match left in the three-match pianist battle
Otsu: to decide Tsu Terakado's official fan club!
Otsu: Kondo-san made a perfect read to deliver victory for the Tsusengumi!
Otsu: victory went to the Tsu Terakado Fan Club who invited me to the Gandara Vehotel!
Otsu: And today will be the last match!
Otsu: Which team will show their true love for me?
Otsu: Aww!
Otsu: Now I'm starting to get nervous!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi.
GINTOKI: There's nothing left for us to do.
Shinpachi: I can't lose.
Shinpachi: I can't afford to lose.
Shinpachi: I absolutely have to win!
Hijikata: You've been a big help.
Hijikata: I'll buy you dinner some time.
Kondo: Take back your own self with your own hands!
Hijikata: I will stand above all otaku.
Hijikata: I will take this body back from Toshi.
Both: Let's finish this.
Shinpachi: We aren't boxing?
Shinpachi: A-A card battle?!
Shinpachi: Why would idol cards have attack power and defense power?!
Shinpachi: Why is fighting even involved?!
Shinpachi: And between two Otsu-chans?!
Shinpachi: N-Not good!
Shinpachi: I don't have a single one of those cards!
Shinpachi: And didn't that bag say it was Indian Corn-poop flavored?!
Shinpachi: Are those even edible?!
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san couldn't possibly have any of these cards...
Shinpachi: Hi-Hijikata!
Shinpachi: Why do you have those?!
Shinpachi: And so many!
Shinpachi: has that many Otsu chips cards!
Hijikata: I will abandon shame and self-respect to take myself back.
Hijikata: You can't conquer the otaku world by being half-hearted.
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
Shinpachi: What dreadful tenacity...
Shinpachi: This is bad...
Shinpachi: I can't put up a fight without any cards!
Shinpachi: Buy lots of Otsu chips right away!
GINTOKI: I'm on it!
Hijikata: So you didn't have any...as I expected.
Hijikata: It's too late to try and assemble a deck now!
Hijikata: I have a complete set up to the third series of Otsu chips!
Hijikata: I'll finish this before you get any cards!
Hijikata: This is my card!
Shinpachi: What kind of card is that?!
Shinpachi: You're revealing way too much stuff people don't want to hear about an idol!
Shinpachi: And who the hell is Kimura?!
Otsu: Don't come in my dressing room without permission!
Shinpachi: Why is a hologram attacking a real person?!
Shinpachi: And who the hell is she?!
Shinpachi: This doesn't look anything like the original!
Shinpachi: She looks like a totally different person!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: You made it in time!
Shinpachi: I don't have time to choose a card!
Shinpachi: I'll go with this!
Shinpachi: I don't have time to choose a card!
Shinpachi: I'll go with this!
Shinpachi: Why does it feel like I pulled a pointlessly plain card?!
Shinpachi: What are its attack points?!
Shinpachi: Does it have some kind of special ability?!
Shinpachi: So it's Kimura!
Shinpachi: It's the Kimura that Otsu-chan is always spazzing on about!
Shinpachi: He was clearly getting his mole taken off by Otsu-chan!
Otsu: Is it some kind of switch?
Otsu: It's a damn eyesore!
Kagura: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: You gotta throw inside punches!
Shinpachi: Stupid Kimura!
Hijikata: As if double attack power was all you had to worry about.
Hijikata: My turn!
Hijikata: I'll teach you how you're supposed to use support cards!
Hijikata: This is my next card!
Shinpachi: Which day is {\i1}that day of the month{\i0}?!
Shinpachi: Is this really an idol card game?!
Shinpachi: And is it actually okay to show this on TV?!
Shinpachi: What?!
Shinpachi: I have to do something!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Here's more Otsu chips!
Shinpachi: Come on!
Shinpachi: Give me a good card!
Shinpachi: Gin-san.
Shinpachi: Are these really Otsu chips?
Shinpachi: Are you sure you didn't get Kimura chips by accident?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: You can only have five cards in a hand!
GINTOKI: Bet everything on the last one!
Shinpachi: An Otsu card!
Shinpachi: I'm going to draw an Otsu card!
Shinpachi: I can receive the effects from KIM the bass player and {\i1}that day of the month{\i0}
Shinpachi: and put up a fight against that monster!
Hijikata: It's no use.
Hijikata: Cheap tricks won't do anything against this strike.
Hijikata: Go!
Hijikata: Otsu on {\i1}that day of the month{\i0}!
Hijikata: It's all over.
Hijikata: Wh-What?!
Hijikata: I-Impossible!
Hijikata: You...
Hijikata: Why are you...
Hijikata: Over there?!
Hijikata: Impossible...
Hijikata: How could a support card like you enter combat...?
Shinpachi: That's...
Shinpachi: It can't be!
Shinpachi: K-KIM-san!
Hijikata: I-It can't be!
Hijikata: I didn't expect that!
Kim: Avenge my mole...
Shinpachi: KIM-san!
Shinpachi: You just lost your mole!
Shinpachi: Hang in there!
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: I don't get it!
Shinpachi: This is my chance to strike back!
Shinpachi: An Otsu-chan card!
Shinpachi: Draw an Otsu-chan card this time!
Shinpachi: Please!
Shinpachi: Come on!
Shinpachi: Come on!
Shinpachi: I got another worthless-looking one!
Shinpachi: Who cares about that?!
Shinpachi: Do that stuff in the dressing room!
Shinpachi: Don't bring it into the game!
Shinpachi: Don't use money to settle it!
Kim: What is it?
Kim: Don't look this way.
Kiyoshi: I wasn't looking at you.
Shinpachi: This is really awkward.
Shinpachi: What's with these guys?
Shinpachi: Why did they show up?
Hijikata: It appears that he wasn't able to take advantage of his lucky chance.
Hijikata: You have no chance of victory now.
Hijikata: The time has finally come.
Hijikata: It's been a long time.
Hijikata: And was being greeted on the street by strange otaku on a daily basis...
Hijikata: I will end it all with this blow!
Hijikata: I'll end it all with this card!
Hijikata: This is...the end!
Hijikata: Go!
Hijikata: You ready?
Shinpachi: He has me completely backed into a corner.
Shinpachi: But...
Shinpachi: I can't afford to lose!
Shinpachi: The feelings of everyone who has helped me...
Shinpachi: And Taka-tin.
Shinpachi: Plus Taka-chin.
Shinpachi: And most importantly...
Shinpachi: My feelings of love and complete trust in Otsu-chan...
Shinpachi: I can't let them down!
Shinpachi: I'll stake my all on this card!
Shinpachi: A mystery investigating card?!
Shinpachi: Reveal a hidden truth to change parameters!
Shinpachi: Damn it.
Shinpachi: Another weird card in the end...
Hijikata: You're out of options.
Hijikata: Die!
Shinpachi: Damn it!
Shinpachi: I'll just have to leave it to fate!
Shinpachi: Go!
Voice: Mystery investigating card activate.
Voice: Allow me to tell you the hidden truth.
Voice: The one who secretly ate your pizza...
Voice: The one who secretly ate your pizza...
Voice: Was this fatass!
Shinpachi: This is...
GINTOKI: You just sometimes get in the mood
GINTOKI: [Note: Zenzai(sweet bean soup): made from condensed paste with heat and is less watery than shiruko(red bean soup) which is more akin to jam or marmalade.]
GINTOKI: Why do they have to make it so complicated?
GINTOKI: Just call them the same name.
GINTOKI: Why bother differentiating?
GINTOKI: And there's Yu Aoi and Sora Aoi.
[Note: [Note: Yu Aoi is a popular mainstream actress. Sora Aoi is a Japanese porn star.]
GINTOKI: They might as well be the same person.
GINTOKI: I get them confused at times.
Shinpachi: They're different people.
GINTOKI: but then they're actually talking about some fancy movie.
GINTOKI: It leaves my face burning.
GINTOKI: I don't want to endure another ordeal like that.
GINTOKI: [Note: Rinka is a Japanese model and TV personality.]
GINTOKI: There are like five or six of them on TV.
GINTOKI: I can't tell which one's which.
GINTOKI: Can't they just combine into one giant Rinka?
Kagura: And I can't tell the difference between GinTama and Kintama.
Kagura: [Note: Kintama is slang for "balls" in Japanese.]
Kagura: Which one's the right ball and which one's the left ball?
Toshi: But that's enough...
Toshi: I'll handle the rest...
Hijikata: The next episode...
Hijikata: The Black Ships Even Make A Scene When They Sink.
Hijikata: [Toshi dangerously appears from within Toshiro! On to the next showdown in the Official Fan Club battle!]
 Name:  Text
Hijikata: A Toshiro Hijikata with his pathetic otaku\Ncharacteristics amplified by the curse.
Hijikata: He's the real Toshiro Hijikata.
Hijikata: I chose to face him head-on and talk.
Hijikata: I don't want to disappear without\Naccomplishing anything.
Dialogue: 0,0:02:09.21,0:02:12.10,Main03,Hijikata,0000,0000,0000,,I want to leave proof of my existence.
Hijikata: That's what he said.
Hijikata: This is Toshi's dream.
Hijikata: I will master the way of the otaku!
Hijikata: I will become the greatest otaku!
Hijikata: I will unite all otaku and become\Nthe king of otaku!
Hijikata: And etch proof of his existence into\Nthis world...into people's hearts!
Hijikata: Die!
Shinpachi: Now!
Shinpachi: Now is my chance!
Shinpachi: Go!
Toshi: I'm losing...
Toshi: I'll lose at this rate...
Toshi: That's enough...
Toshi: Let me handle the rest.
Toshi: Let me finish this!
Hijikata: Y-You...
GINTOKI: That's...
Note: [Note: Refers to idol Leah Dizon who made\Nsuch an announcement during her concert.]
Dizon: Please don't ditch me.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Kondo: Toshi!
Yamazaki: Vice-Chief!
Toshi: There is no need...
Shinpachi: To call this contest.
Both: Because this contest isn't over yet!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Kondo: Toshi!
Otsu: Stop!
Otsu: Please!
Otsu: Stop already!
Otsu: It's too dangerous to continue!
Otsu: Why do you have to go so far\Nfor the title of official fan club?!
Otsu: Enough already!
Otsu: I'll make both teams my official fan clubs!
Otsu: So stop!
Otsu: Please!
Otsu: Somebody stop them!
Otsu: They're going to kill each\Nother at this rate!
GINTOKI: It's useless.
GINTOKI: It's useless now.
GINTOKI: Nobody can stop them.
GINTOKI: They are no longer fighting to\Nbecome the official fan club.
Toshi: It's funny.
Toshi: I'm in so much pain...
Toshi: It hurts so much...
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san...
Shinpachi: No... Toshi!
Shinpachi: I wouldn't be standing here if I'd taken\Na straight punch from Hijikata-san.
Shinpachi: Why?
Shinpachi: you could have easily won.
Shinpachi: Why now?!
Toshi: Why do you still fight?!
Toshi: Proof of my existence...
Toshi: That is what I have sought with Toshiro...
Toshi: I mastered the way of the otaku...
Toshi: But I suppose that I never really cared\Nabout becoming lord over all otaku.
Toshi: I may have just wanted to completely\Nlose myself in one task.
Toshi: With my rivals...
Toshi: There is no need for any proof.
Toshi: There is no need to create any.
Toshi: We just have to live every\Nsecond to the fullest!
Toshi: And the traces of the path we lived\Nwill be burned into the ground...
Toshi: That will serve as proof of our existence!
Kondo: It doesn't matter.
Yamazaki: Huh?
Kondo: It no longer matters.
Kondo: Get up!
Kondo: It doesn't matter if you win or lose!
Kondo: Stand up and fight to the very end!
Kondo: Fight until you're completely burned out
Kondo: so your memory remains\Nengraved in our minds!
Kondo: Get up!
Kondo: Toshi!
GINTOKI: Stand up!
GINTOKI: Patsuan!
Kagura: What are you burning out for?!
Kagura: You're going to let this end\Nin such a small flame?!
Kagura: Stupid four-eyes!
GINTOKI: You won't be able to rest in peace\Nif your body's still warm!
GINTOKI: Stand up!
GINTOKI: Patsuan!
GINTOKI: Burn everything up!
GINTOKI: Send that bastard to the next world!
AudienceA: Yeah! Stand up!
AudienceB: Don't give up!
Toshi: Mr. Shinpachi.
Toshi: I'm glad to have met a rival\Nlike you in the end.
Toshi: Thank you...
Toshi: Toshiro...
Yamazaki: Such a strange feeling...
Yamazaki: To see someone paying their\Nrespects to their own picture.
Hijikata: I told you to change the picture.
Hijikata: This picture was when I was\Npretending to be Toshi.
Hijikata: Switch it to a picture of the real Toshi.
Yamazaki: Does it even matter?
Yamazaki: You look the same.
Hijikata: Don't give me that crap.
Hijikata: What if he comes back again?
Hijikata: Did you hear anything about what\Nhappened to them afterwards?
Yamazaki: The fan club?
Yamazaki: Though former members\Nare starting to return.
Hijikata: What do you mean?
Hijikata: They didn't become the official fan club?
Hijikata: The members should have rushed back\Nin droves when they became official.
Yamazaki: Well...
Yamazaki: They said something about how there's nothing\Nofficial or unofficial about cheering for Otsu-chan
Yamazaki: and gave up the title.
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: Louder!
Shinpachi: Don't be wusses!
Shinpachi: You need more guts if you're\Ngonna love Otsu-chan!
Yamazaki: And they even left this behind.
Hijikata: That bastard's trying to be all cool!
Hijikata: Isn't it obvious?!
Hijikata: I refuse to stay in their debt!
Hijikata: I'll personally return the former\Nmembers to the fan club!
Yamazaki: Are you going to pretend to be\NToshi and gather otaku again?
Yamazaki: It'll be hard to pay back this debt.
Yamazaki: The eternally missing member.
Yamazaki: You can brag all you want in the afterlife.
Yamazaki: Toshi.
Otsu: Tsu Terakado's new single!
Otsu: Your Granny's Wearing\NYour Basketball Shoes!
Otsu: Selling great in the anime!
Shinpachi: Some impostors have shown\Nup using the Odd Jobs name!
GINTOKI: What's that?!
GINTOKI: That's so clich!
Kagura: Clich to the max! Unforgivable!
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: That Matsutake Soup Stuff Tastes Better\NThan The Real Deal, Plus One.
Shinpachi: The King Kong program ended in spring.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: I didn't hear anything about that.
GINTOKI: That show ended?
Kagura: Yep.
GINTOKI: I've totally embarrassed myself.
GINTOKI: How could I screw up so badly?
GINTOKI: Then give me another try. From the top.
Shinpachi: That's not the issue here.
Shinpachi: You've got it completely wrong.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Hold on.
GINTOKI: Give me a break already.
GINTOKI: What did I screw up?
Kagura: 6:23.
Kagura: It's not time for GinTama to end yet.
Kagura: We have too much time left over.
Shinpachi: That's right.
Shinpachi: And after we managed to end that\Nlong arc in a nice fashion...
Shinpachi: What the hell?
GINTOKI: Wait! Let's just make thirty minutes worth\Nof anime from one week's worth of JUMP.
Dialogue: 0,0:20:12.31,0:20:15.03,Main03,Gintoki,0000,0000,0000,,Then we won't catch up to the manga.
Dialogue: 0,0:20:15.03,0:20:16.53,Main03,Gintoki,0000,0000,0000,,Tag on some extra segments.
Dialogue: 0,0:20:16.53,0:20:19.37,Main03,Gintoki,0000,0000,0000,,And add a bunch of extras\Nto EXILE while we're at it.
Note: [Note: Refers to the Japanese\Npop/R&B band known as EXILE.]
GINTOKI: The staff totally didn't think this through.
Shinpachi: The last one was completely unrelated.
Shinpachi: And they aren't extras!
Kagura: So what are we going to do?
Kagura: Are we going to keep talking?
Kagura: Are we going to keep whining\Nabout the budget?
Shinpachi: I told you to stop talking about\Nissues like money on TV!
Shinpachi: That's not the point!
Shinpachi: We have five minutes left over
Shinpachi: so can't we do something extra?
Shinpachi: We can't spend the entire\Nfive minutes like this.
Shinpachi: We have to do something new\Nto please the audience.
GINTOKI: Are you an idiot?
Shinpachi: Stop talking about EXILE!
Kagura: Move on to some kind of new extra\Ncorner by the time I get back.
GINTOKI: Gotcha.
Shinpachi: You have an extra to use?
GINTOKI: Sure.
Shinpachi: Oh. Tell me sooner.
Shinpachi: Or just start with that.
GINTOKI: so I wanted to save it for next week\Nwhen the new ending hits.
GINTOKI: You think?
GINTOKI: Then I'll give it a try.
Both: New Extra Corner!
Song: Feeling all beat by 6 PM.
Song: Everything's still all good.
Song: Getting all bitchy by 6 PM.
Song: Tomorrow will be all good.
Shinpachi: What the hell?!
Shinpachi: Special edition?! This is just a recap!
Shinpachi: A recap of an extra segment!
Shinpachi: Who benefits from this?!
Shinpachi: was supposed to be a special\Ncorner which featured friends
Shinpachi: who hadn't been on screen in a while\Nto make the audience happy!
Shinpachi: That's right!
Shinpachi: That could no longer be\Nconsidered a detour!
Shinpachi: He was headed in a completely\Ndifferent direction!
Shinpachi: Who's going to buy DVDs\Nto see Tamo-san?!
GINTOKI: Who cares?
GINTOKI: Some viewers were watching because\Nthey thought it was "Go Ahead."
Shinpachi: Nobody would think that!
Kagura: I'm back.
Shinpachi: Who would?
Kagura: There's no need to do anything\Nwith the content of an extra.
Kagura: Just go with the standard.
Kagura: If you use the original plan and
Kagura: you'll hook the audience.
Shinpachi: Don't use words like hook!
GINTOKI: So would a standard extra be like this?
GINTOKI: Soul Reaper Encyclopedia Silver!
GINTOKI: The Soul Reaper who was trying\Nto take Taka-chin's soul.
GINTOKI: His favorite food is apples.
GINTOKI: He weighs seven apples.
GINTOKI: And...
Shinpachi: There's no end to the problems\NI could name!
Shinpachi: It's a blatant rip-off from\Nthe very beginning!
Shinpachi: Who wants you to introduce\Nan ordinary Soul Reaper?!
Shinpachi: And why is he obsessed with apples?!
Shinpachi: Even Ryuk could control himself better!
Note: [Note: Refers to Ryuk from Death Note.]
GINTOKI: I thought that would be a standard extra.
Shinpachi: The content was anything but!
Shinpachi: You mean Four-Eyes!
GINTOKI: Fine. Fine.
GINTOKI: I'll give up on introducing characters.
GINTOKI: We'll use a different kind\Nof standard extra.
Shinpachi: So what do you have in mind?
Kagura: This would be as standard as you get.
GINTOKI: A corner for illustrations\Nfrom all the viewers!
Shinpachi: This is super standard.
Shinpachi: I'd feel a lot better if you just made\Neverything audience participation.
GINTOKI: Let's move to the first letter.
Kagura: I tried my best to draw my\Nfavorite scene in GinTama.
Kagura: Please use it.
Shinpachi: That's nice.
Shinpachi: It puts a smile on my face.
Shinpachi: It must be an adorable illustration.
GINTOKI: Here it is.
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: A four-year-old would never\Nhave chosen this scene!
Shinpachi: This was obviously planted!
Shinpachi: How could the fake DVD jacket from the fourth\Nyear announcement be a classic scene?!
Kagura: Shinpachi.
Shinpachi: What?!
Kagura: We're out of time.
Shinpachi: [We were planning to fill thirty minutes\Nwith randomness next week...]
Kagura: [How about we let the fourth season of\NGinTama steamroll in and air tomorrow?
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Why do I have to wander around town\Nto the point where I'm starving?
GINTOKI: Stupid Kagura...
Kagura: How can you let a growing girl go three\Ndays on less than four pints of rice?!
Kagura: Why don't we have any work?
Kagura: We wouldn't have to go hungry\Nif you worked every day!
Kagura: Go find work right now!
Kagura: I won't let you inside the house\Nuntil you've found a job!
GINTOKI: Easy for you to say.
GINTOKI: It's not my fault that I can't find any work.
GINTOKI: And she eats way too much.
GINTOKI: It's you.
Hasegawa: Like you can pull it off when\Nyou put your mind to it?
Hasegawa: So how about it?
Hasegawa: Give me a little assistance or charity?
GINTOKI: Huh?
Hasegawa: Stop trying to dodge the question!
Hasegawa: You don't have to act like you're all that
GINTOKI: Huh?!
GINTOKI: What are you even talking about?
GINTOKI: When did I start raking it in?!
Hasegawa: Don't play dumb!
Hasegawa: I was at Hello Work when\NI heard the crazy rumors!
Hasegawa: [Note: Hello Work is a Japanese\Nunemployment office.]
Hasegawa: Odd Jobs is red-hot!
Hasegawa: And cool to boot!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: What's this?
GINTOKI: Odd Jobs...Kingon?
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Odd Jobs Gin. Gin\N(silver) was changed to Kin (gold).]
Shinpachi: Who are these people?!
Shinpachi: What's with their similar name?!
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: They're interfering with our business!
Kagura: It's their fault that I've eaten less than\Nfour pints of rice over the past week!
GINTOKI: Still...
GINTOKI: so we can't really do anything about it.
Shinpachi: Is it okay for the original\Nto lose to the copycat?!
Shinpachi: We'll be buried in the annals of history!
Shinpachi: Are you okay with that?!
GINTOKI: Isn't that how history works?
Shinpachi: What are you talking about?!
Shinpachi: We cannot accept such dark history!
Kagura: This would be a big deal if\Nit was the Mouse Kingdom!
Kagura: [Note: Mouse Kingdom refers to Disneyland\Nand the strict Disney copyright.]
Shinpachi: This must be it.
Kagura: They look kinda cool.
Shinpachi: They're pretending to be celebrities.
Shinpachi: Leader.
Shinpachi: Name and age are a secret.
Shinpachi: Sorry.
Shinpachi: Height: Around 180 cm.
Shinpachi: Weight: Never ask a guy his weight.
Shinpachi: Hobby: To become the wind.
Shinpachi: I can touch my nose with\Ntip of my tongue.
Shinpachi: What? That's creepy.
Kagura: Check the captain.
Kagura: I'm the captain.
Kagura: My height and weight are like a model's.
Kagura: This cell phone novel-like\Ntext is pissing me off!
Kagura: {\q2}[Note: Cell phone novels are written in text messages\Nby young Japanese girls. They often speak in slang.]
Shinpachi: They even have a blog.
Shinpachi: Let's talk about what really happens\Nevery now and then.
Shinpachi: A sudden job led to a\Nsurprising encounter.
Shinpachi: We're grateful for the opportunity\Nto meet this person.
Shinpachi: We had to go overseas rather\Nsuddenly for that previous job.
Shinpachi: We're grateful to the members\Nof the staff.
Shinpachi: Problem solved.
Shinpachi: The client gave us champagne\Nas a thank you gift.
Shinpachi: We're grateful for the heartwarming\Ncomments.
Shinpachi: What's with all the self-adoration here?
Shinpachi: Isn't this person a little confused?
Shinpachi: Our Odd Jobs range from cleaning\Ngutters to looking for lost kittens.
Shinpachi: Or helping old ladies with their shopping.
Shinpachi: It's honest work.
Shinpachi: All behind the scenes.
Kagura: This person's pretending\Nto be a celebrity!
Shinpachi: I can't forgive such an act!
Shinpachi: I'm going to find these people\Nwho have no shame!
Shinpachi: The fakes' office is up ahead.
Girl: I'm so glad we went to the Odd Jobs.
Guy: Told you so.
Guy: Nothing to worry about if we\Nlet Odd Jobs handle it.
Girl: And we even got this beautiful vase.
Girl: [Note: It's a common scam trick in Japan to sell a vase\Nto a troubled person saying it will change their luck.]
Guy: And your fate is no longer\Ntied my ancestors.
Girl: And I can easily pass\Nthe 4th grade STEP.
Girl: [Note: STEP=Society for Testing\NEnglish Proficiency.]
Girl: And it only cost half a year's salary.
GINTOKI: H-H-H-Half a year?!
Kagura: People that stupid can still\Nbe in a relationship?!
Shinpachi: That's an expensive-looking\Noffice building.
Kagura: They must be raking in the cash\Nwith their fishy business.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi... Kagura...
GINTOKI: We're taking them down.
Shinpachi: We can't allow these imposters\Nto have their way.
Kagura: Time to lay the smackdown.
GINTOKI: Let's go!
GINTOKI: They're on the second floor!
GINTOKI: Let's see what these fakes look like!
Shinpachi: K-Kanemaru-kun!
Shinpachi: [Note: Old Odd Jobs member from Ep. 138]
Kagura: Ikezawa!
Kagura: [Note: Old Odd Jobs member from Ep. 138]
GINTOKI: Who are you?
Shinpachi: Gin-san. Kagura-chan.
Shinpachi: Listen to this!
Shinpachi: when these high school girls looked\Nat my face and laughed!
Shinpachi: Is there something funny\Nabout my face?!
Shinpachi: Is it strange?!
Shinpachi: Is there something on my face?!
Shinpachi: Don't you think it's rude to laugh?!
Shinpachi: Gin-san?
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan?
Blue: Can you pull my arm?
Blue: I'm stuck.
Blue: I'm telling you to pull my arm.
Blue: Hurry it up.
Blue: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Blue: Forget it.
Blue: I'll get out by myself.
Blue: Young people these days don't even know\Nhow to pull someone out of a desk.
Blue: {\q1}[Note: Parody of Doraemon. The main character of an anime and manga about a blue cat-shaped robot who came from the future to help a boy.]
Shinpachi: Uh? How to pull someone out of a desk?
Shinpachi: No. Most people wouldn't\Nknow how to do that.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Blue: I'm telling you to get me some tea!
Blue: This place doesn't provide its\Nguests with any service?
Shinpachi: Who is that?
Blue: What's that?
Blue: Some high school girls said you\Nwere gross and disgusting?
Shinpachi: They were just laughing at me...
Blue: Are you a moron?
Shinpachi: A moron?
Blue: Like hell that would happen.
Blue: Keep your eyes wide open\Nand look straight ahead.
Blue: In what universe would any high school girls\Nlaugh at you in such a romantic way?
Blue: You're deluding yourself.
Blue: Gross! Disgusting! Four-eyes!
Shinpachi: Why do I have to be insulted\Nfor my glasses?
Blue: What's up?
Shinpachi: Who are you?
Blue: Me?
Blue: I'm a robot from the future.
Shinpachi: A robot?!
Shinpachi: but what does this sad\Nand sorry future entail?
Blue: A sad and sorry future would\Nbe sad and sorry.
Blue: Yeah...
Blue: Most people with those\Ncircumstances have bad luck.
Blue: I can't bear to tell you.
Blue: So one of your descendants\Nordered me to help you out.
Blue: Which is why I'm here when\NI didn't really want to come.
Blue: You're not being considerate enough.
Shinpachi: What do you mean?
Blue: This right here!
Blue: I ask for some tea and\Nthat's all you bring?
Blue: The one with red bean sandwiched between\Ntwo spongy pancake-like things?
Blue: bring me some damn dorayaki!
Blue: [Note: Dorayaki is Doraemon's favorite food.]
Shinpachi: Here you are.
Blue: This is what I'm talking about!
Shinpachi: U-Uh...
Blue: What's up?
Shinpachi: If I have descendants...
Shinpachi: So...
Shinpachi: Who do I marry?
Blue: I knew you'd be asking me that.
Blue: I knew it was coming.
Blue: Big guy's a real...dirty...man.
Blue: Look here.
Blue: It'd be simple for me to\Ngive you the answer.
Blue: But you know what?
Blue: That would make you give\Nup on thinking for yourself.
Blue: You okay with that?
Shinpachi: Aren't you just saying that\Nbecause you don't know?
Shinpachi: E-Explain what?
Blue: you would hesitate and wonder about\Nwhether you really liked that girl.
Blue: A man betters himself through the effort of\Nestablishing and maintaining a relationship.
Blue: You could even say that love only\Nlasts because of constant growth.
Blue: you'll believe that you can marry\Nthat girl without doing anything.
Blue: And then you'll just lounge\Naround your entire life
Blue: Which is why I won't tell you.
Blue: I'm not being mean.
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of Doraemon. "Neko" means "cat".]
Blue: Who are you calling Nekoemon?!
Shinpachi: Huh?! Didn't you come from\Nthe future to help me out?
Blue: People even treat me like\Na Buddha or a god.
Blue: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's fear of mice.]
Blue: But I can't stand cats.
Blue: I absolutely despise them!
Blue: The sound they make gives me shivers.
Blue: Look here.
Blue: These ears were bitten by a cat.
Shinpachi: Huh? Not by a mouse?!
Blue: I said a cat did it!
Shinpachi: Sorry.
Shinpachi: I thought you were someone who could pull\Ntools out of the pocket on his stomach.
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of Doraemon. His\Npocket is filled with tools.]
Shinpachi: Huh? You can?
Blue: Of course. Who do you think I am?
Shinpachi: I-In that case...
Shinpachi: That thing that lets you\Nfly through the sky!
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Bamboo Copter.]
Shinpachi: Or the door that lets you go anywhere!
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Anywhere Door.]
Shinpachi: Or the flashlight that makes\Nstuff big or small!
Blue: Scary!
Blue: This person scares me!
Blue: He'll fly through the sky to\Npeek on women bathing.
Blue: He'll become small so he can\Nslide down a girl's cleavage.
Blue: Ah! I'm scared!
Blue: This person's an animal!
Blue: A sex-craved beast! A sex beast!
Shinpachi: Why can you only come up\Nwith criminal actions?!
Blue: Huh?
Blue: Isn't that all there is?
Shinpachi: No!
Shinpachi: I would use them to improve myself!
Blue: Bamboo-wing!
Blue: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Bamboo Copter]
Blue: Go-anywhere sliding door!
Blue: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Anywhere Door.]
Blue: Big and small light!
Blue: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Small Light.]
Blue: [Note: Parody of Doraemon's Small Light.]
Shinpachi: Uh.
Shinpachi: This is it?
Blue: Such a weak response!
Blue: So you think these look weak?
Blue: You probably think they're just toys.
Blue: You'll be surprised when I use them.
Shinpachi: Really?
Blue: Give it a try if you don't believe me.
Shinpachi: How are you supposed to use this?
Blue: Just open it.
Shinpachi: Like this?
Shinpachi: Isn't this just a door with a piece\Nof paper on the other side?!
Shinpachi: Huh?!
Shinpachi: And it's too small to go through!
Blue: You should learn to be satisfied\Nwith what you have.
Shinpachi: How am I supposed to be satisfied by\Nsomething a child could have made?!
Blue: What are you doing?!
Shinpachi: This is probably just a flashlight.
Blue: There's a reason for this.
Shinpachi: Eh?
Blue: Please! Just listen to me!
Blue: Please!
Blue: A prototype.
Blue: I'll bring a working one later\Nso just use this for now.
Blue: Right? Right?
Blue: Very useful! Super useful!
Blue: Just think about it.
Blue: It's the middle of the night and you're\Ngoing to buy one of those
Blue: magazines you don't want other\Npeople to know about.
Blue: The flashlight helps you find the money you\Ndropped so you can buy the magazine.
Shinpachi: Could you stop treating me\Nlike I'm in middle school?!
Shinpachi: I feel like an idiot for expecting anything.
Blue: What are you saying?!
Blue: Here! This is amazing!
Blue: It's the real thing!
Blue: You can fly if you stick this on your head!
Shinpachi: Really?
Shinpachi: Don't you mean that it can fly when\Nit's not attached to anything else?
Blue: No way. It's the real deal.
Blue: You can actually fly.
Blue: Yeah...
Blue: It's just...that...
Blue: Don't say I didn't warn you.
Shinpachi: Hey.
Blue: I actually brought one.
Blue: Bamboo-wing: Vertical!
Shinpachi: Oh. You have one.
Blue: But I wouldn't recommend using it.
Blue: That old timer gave me another\Ndefective model.
Blue: So yeah...
Blue: This shows that you shouldn't\Nrely on tools.
Blue: You've learned something.
Shinpachi: So what exactly are you\Ngoing to do to help me?
Blue: Big guy...
Blue: You can't rely on others.
Blue: I'm essentially supposed to be with you.
Blue: I might bring out a tool to help you every\Nonce in a while or listen to you complain.
Blue: Got it?
Blue: Kids are no longer curious\Nor adventurous
Blue: because of the dragon that brings dead people\Nback to life if you collect seven balls
Blue: [Note: Refers to Dragon Ball.]
Blue: and the robot cat who pulls out tools\Nwhen someone goes crying for help.
Shinpachi: Uh?
Shinpachi: Did you just deny your own existence?
Blue: I'm no cat.
Blue: And that's not the issue here.
Blue: but the robot did more good when\Nhe was by the kid's side
Blue: than when he was using tools\Nto solve his problems.
Blue: It was important to have someone who could\Naccept all his flaws and weaknesses.
Blue: Right?
Blue: But you don't need to worry.
Blue: You and I are friends now.
Blue: Okay?
Shinpachi: Yes.
Blue: So let's start by switching\Nthat TV to a digital one.
Shinpachi: What's wrong?
Blue: Not good.
Blue: We'll be overheard by Skynet.
Blue: [Note: Parody of Terminator]
Shinpachi: Skynet?
Shinpachi: Don't you mean the Time Patrol?
Shinpachi: [Note: Refers to Time Patrol from Doraemon.]
Blue: You see...
Blue: Skynet is this computer developed\Nby the military.
Blue: That was the beginning of a long\Nwar between robots and humans.
Blue: Didn't I explain this in the beginning?
Blue: I came from the future because\Npeople were worried about you.
Blue: I can use tools to protect you.
Blue: But that's all.
Blue: I'm pretty sharp.
Blue: [Note: Parody of Terminator]
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Connor?
Blue: Connor!
Shinpachi: Connor?
Blue: Aren't you...Connor?
Shinpachi: I'm Shinpachi Shimura.
Shinpachi: Huh? What...?
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: If It Works Once, It'll Work\NOver And Over Again.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Man...
Kagura: We managed to continue on despite\Nall the pain and suffering.
Kagura: but we somehow managed to make\Nit out of the shopping district.
GINTOKI: But y'know...
GINTOKI: It's a long ways getting home\Nfrom the shopping district.
GINTOKI: I wanted to give up when\Nwe passed by the park.
GINTOKI: The whole "Just use a public bathroom"\Nidea started to sound pretty tempting.
GINTOKI: But it's all about overcoming the temptation\Nand reaching the washlet bathroom at home.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Gin-san? Is that Gin-san?
GINTOKI: That's right.
GINTOKI: It's Gin-san.
GINTOKI: What do you mean?
GINTOKI: This is GinTama.
Kagura: Same GinTama time. Same GinTama channel.\NThe same old GinTama.
Shinpachi: When did GinTama turn\Ninto a live-action show?!
Shinpachi: What?! They're mannequins?!
GINTOKI: We're going to become an anime\Nthat transcends anime.
GINTOKI: Love will save Hollywood."
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of the movie\N"Dragon Ball Evolution."]
Shinpachi: We are not!
Shinpachi: This will leave Shueisha in Titanic status!
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of the movie "Titanic."]
Kagura: A surreal world anime with thirty\Nminutes of talking mannequins.
Kagura: Oh! Gintamikey.
Kagura: [Note: Parody of mannequin comedy show\N"Oh Mikey!" aka "The Fuccons."]
Shinpachi: These are just still-frame photos!
GINTOKI: We tried a number of different detours\Nand then someone said
GINTOKI: Ah, that's right. We haven't\Ntried doing live-action yet.
GINTOKI: So we're doing this on\Nthe whim of the staff.
Kagura: Seriously?
Kagura: I was expecting 20th Century\NBox to show up behind us.
Kagura: [Note: Parody of 20th Century Fox.]
Shinpachi: It's pretty damn scary.
Kagura: That's why you can never\Nstop being Shinpachi.
Shinpachi: And why am I just a pair of glasses?!
GINTOKI: so we'll move indoors.
Shinpachi: This show is pretty damn random.
Kagura: We're going to visit Sunrise's fifth studio\Nwhere they make the GinTama anime.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of manga "Murder License Kiba".\NShueisha title serialized in Super Jump.]
Shinpachi: Oh. This is where they make\Nthe GinTama anime.
Kagura: Looks like a dirty place.
GINTOKI: This is what is known as the\Nmodern-day sweatshop.
Shinpachi: Don't ruin their reputation!
Shinpachi: What if everybody believes you?!
GINTOKI: There isn't much difference.
GINTOKI: This is a modern-day sweatshop.
GINTOKI: Cancer Beam!
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of GUNDAM W.\Nanime created by Sunrise.]
Shinpachi: There's no cancer or\Nbeam involved here.
Shinpachi: The boss is going to be pissed at you!
Shinpachi: What's with the horns on your head?
Kagura: They're antennas.
Shinpachi: That's a complete rip-off!
GINTOKI: Okay. Then I'll pitch in.
Shinpachi: Don't take your clothes off!
Shinpachi: What the hell is this scene?!
Shinpachi: This is nowhere near acceptable\Nfor showing on TV!
GINTOKI: Then we'll move on to today's main topic.
GINTOKI: All analog broadcasting will end in July of\N2011 and switch to digital broadcasting.
Kagura: There you have it.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: That's it?
GINTOKI: Why do I have to catch\Na cold this time of year?
GINTOKI: I'm completely out of sync\Nwith the rest of the world.
GINTOKI: Is my body in 15 no Yoru or what?
GINTOKI: [Note: "15 no Yoru" (Night at 15)\Nis a Yutaka Ozaki song.]
GINTOKI: I feel like I'm racing along\Non a stolen motorcycle.
GINTOKI: [Note: A lyric from "15 no Yoru"(Night at 15).\NA song about an unruly teenager"s life.]
Shinpachi: Hello.
Shinpachi: Honestly...
Shinpachi: How could you catch a\Ncold this time of year?
GINTOKI: Hell if I know.
GINTOKI: My body went off and picked up some hitchhiking\Ngerms from who knows where.
GINTOKI: Y'know?
GINTOKI: Since my body's all kind and considerate.
Shinpachi: Don't let that hitchhiking\Ngerm spread to me.
Shinpachi: You have to take good care of\Nyourself or you won't get better.
Kagura: Gin-chan.
Kagura: I made some rice porridge.
Kagura: Eat this and get better soon.
Shinpachi: That isn't even a normal portion size.
Kagura: Guess I have no choice then.
Kagura: I'll help out.
Shinpachi: Are you sure you don't just\Nwant to eat it yourself?!
GINTOKI: This just sucks.
GINTOKI: I feel so crappy that I don't\Neven care anymore.
Shinpachi: How can you say that after a little cold?
Shinpachi: Think back.
Shinpachi: That newtype influenza was much worse.
GINTOKI: Influenza?
Shinpachi: That's right.
Shinpachi: This cold is nothing compared to that.
Shinpachi: Yes... Compared to that...
Otae: Yes...
Shinpachi: It's starting to snow.
Shinpachi: We'll probably have some accumulation.
Shinpachi: Let me know if you're cold.
Shinpachi: I made some rice porridge.
Shinpachi: Eat plenty so you get better soon.
Otae: so go to work.
Shinpachi: You're probably infected already so\Ndon't bother coming, you sicko.
Otae: It's so terrible of him to call you a sicko.
Otae: They were probably trying\Nto be considerate.
Shinpachi: That's not possible.
Shinpachi: There probably isn't any work.
Shinpachi: I'll take the day off.
Shinpachi: I also let "Hostess Club Smile" know\Nthat you'd be taking the day off.
Shinpachi: I can look after you the entire day.
Otae: But it would be terrible\Nif you caught my cold.
Shinpachi: Don't worry.
Shinpachi: It's my turn to take care of you.
Otae: You look kind of happy.
Shinpachi: That's not it.
Shinpachi: I'm sorry.
Shinpachi: It's disrespectful to feel this\Nway when you're suffering.
Shinpachi: I-I'm really sorry.
Otae: Then I guess I'll depend on you today.
Otae: Will you listen to my whims?
Shinpachi: Y-Yes!
Shinpachi: You can ask for anything!
Shinpachi: I'll do it all.
Otae: It's dangerous to run.
Shinpachi: I'll be right back so sit tight.
Shinpachi: Yes? Eh?
GINTOKI: I caught a cold.
Kagura: It hurts...
Kagura: My head is splitting...
Kagura: I'll probably...
Kagura: I'll probably feel better if I\Neat some rice porridge...
GINTOKI: Pretty sure I won't get better without\Nrice porridge with egg and takuan...
GINTOKI: [Note: Takuan is a traditional Japanese\Npickle made from daikon radish.]
Shinpachi: Shouldn't you rest at\Nhome if you're sick?
Shinpachi: Why did you come here?
GINTOKI: Don't be so cold.
GINTOKI: Neither of us can move.
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Dragon Quest III video game.]
Shinpachi: Jesters?
GINTOKI: We used the last of our\Nstrength to make it here.
GINTOKI: There can't be much difference between\Nlooking after one person or two or three.
GINTOKI: [Note: Spoof of manga "Yoroshiku Mecha Doc" (Mechanical\NDoctor). Serialized in Shonen Jump in the 80s.]
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of game "Dragon Quest."]
Shinpachi: You won't restore HP or recover from status\Neffects by staying in a commoner's house.
Kagura: My body is burning... I'm gonna die...
Kagura: It hurts...
Kagura: I might...
Kagura: I might get better if I eat\Nsome ice cream...
Shinpachi: All you've been thinking about is food!
Shinpachi: You just rest!
Shinpachi: Aren't you sick?
Otae: But I can't just lie down in this situation.
GINTOKI: You fool!
GINTOKI: Don't push yourself!
GINTOKI: Your cooking will lead to death!
GINTOKI: For us!
GINTOKI: You should take better care of yourself!
Kagura: That's right.
Kagura: We just want Sis to live.
Kagura: We're not asking for anything else.
Otae: You two care about me that much?
Shinpachi: Fine!
Shinpachi: I get it!
Kondo: S-Sorry...
Kondo: Could you make it four?
Sachan: Sorry...
Sachan: Could you add another one...?
Kondo: I didn't think it'd be so contagious...
Kondo: but now I'm being taken care of!
Kondo: The biggest mistake I've ever made!
Sachan: But I'm so happy to contract\Na virus from Gin-san!
Kondo: What are you talking about?!
Kondo: This virus is from Otae-san!
Kondo: It burns! It burns!
Shinpachi: You're too damn loud!
Shinpachi: You were just stalking them!
Shinpachi: Why do I have to take care of stalkers?!
Kondo: I intended to sacrifice my\Nbody to save Otae-san...
Shinpachi: She isn't any better!
Shinpachi: She's even worse because the\Nair's all contaminated now!
Shinpachi: Why do all these people have\Nto gather at our house?!
Shinpachi: Nobody will get any better with this much\Nvirus concentrated in one place!
Shinpachi: Sis!
Otae: like they're the only one\Nsuffering in the world.
Otae: It feels reassuring to have so many\Nsick people in the same room.
Shinpachi: These people are sick in a different way!
Shinpachi: Their way of life is fundamentally sick!
Sachan: That's right!
Sachan: I'm infected by the disease\Nknown as Gin-san!
Kondo: What?!
Kondo: That means I'm infected by an incurable\Ndisease called Otae-san!
Kondo: I won't be able to leave\Nher after I'm dead!
Shinpachi: Couldn't you people at least\Npretend to deny it?
Otae: Shin-chan...
Otae: but we're all sick and in\Nthe same boat now.
Otae: Let's work hard together to beat this cold.
Kondo: We'll get better and run around\Nthe fields like we used to!
Otae: When did that ever happen?
Otae: There's a folk remedy I'd like to try.
Otae: It involves this green onion...
Kondo: My mom wrapped one around\Nmy throat when I was a kid.
Kondo: So what are we going to do?
Kondo: Otae-san! How much longer\Ndo I have to keep this up?!
Otae: Until your fever's gone\Nand you're frozen stiff.
Otae: That should help clear up the air.
Otae: But the air's too dry.
Otae: The virus is going to multiply.
Otae: That's it.
Otae: I'll water the yard.
Kondo: Otae-san?!
Kondo: The snow turned into rain?!
Sachan: Hey...
Sachan: Could you shut the door?
Sachan: It's cold.
Sachan: I can't stop shivering.
GINTOKI: Then I'll sleep with you.
Sachan: Huh?
GINTOKI: You're supposed to lie naked\Ntogether when it's cold.
Sachan: Gin-san...?
Sachan: Y-You can't!
Sachan: Not that I don't want to...
Sachan: But you can't!
Sachan: Not here!
Sachan: They're all watching!
Sachan: This... This...
Sachan: Makes me so excited!
Sachan: Gin-san!
Sachan: Do whatever you want!
Shinpachi: Uh... That was really important to me...
Shinpachi: Th-That's...!
Shinpachi: A large amount of virus is sneaking\Nin through the door cracks!
Hasegawa: O-Otae-chan...
Hasegawa: I'm here to see how you're doing...
GINTOKI: Now we have someone whose very existence\Ncould be considered a virus!
Hasegawa: Huh?
Hasegawa: Oh? What's this?
Hasegawa: What's this?
Hasegawa: You're all sick together?
Hasegawa: Honestly...
Hasegawa: You're such a weak bunch.
Shinpachi: What the hell?!
Shinpachi: You just threw up blood!
Shinpachi: You've got something worse than a cold!
Hasegawa: I don't feel cold at all when\NI'm practically naked.
Shinpachi: He's wearing the virus.
Shinpachi: He's posing with the virus\Nlike it's a winter trend!
Hasegawa: but please eat it together and get better.
Hasegawa: It's a Nagoya delicacy...
GINTOKI: What is this stuff covering the Uiro?!
GINTOKI: [Note: Uiro is a steamed cake from Nagoya.]
GINTOKI: Are you trying to poison us?!
GINTOKI: now scram.
GINTOKI: I'm feeling worse.
Hasegawa: Don't be like that.
Hasegawa: Zura-chi said he'd drop by later.
Hasegawa: We can all chat together.
Shinpachi: Huh? Katsura-san?
Shinpachi: Give me a break already.
Shinpachi: Don't bring any more virus in here!
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: He doesn't catch colds.
Shinpachi: Kondo-san is here.
Shinpachi: Won't it be a problem if he and\NKatsura-san see each other?
Kondo: I'd say it's having more of a spiritual\Neffect than a physical one!
Kondo: Since I almost lost my dignity\Nas a human being!
Otae: Oh my...
Otae: I'm surprised to hear that Kondo-san\Nhad any dignity to begin with.
GINTOKI: You have a point.
Katsura: Excuse me!
Shinpachi: Shoot!
Shinpachi: We're too late!
Hasegawa: Over here! Over here!
Hasegawa: Zura-chi!
Katsura: I'm not Zura-chi.
Katsura: I'm Ill Smith.
Katsura: [Note: Wordplay of actor "Will Smith" and "Virus." Japanese\Npronunciation of "Virus" sounds like "Wills."]
Shinpachi: He's not just sick! He's\Nturned into Ill Smith!
Shinpachi: He's obviously been infected!
Shinpachi: Since he's Ill Smith!
Shinpachi: Sick to his very genes!
Shinpachi: And who the hell is Ill Smith?!
Katsura: How pathetic of you all to catch colds.
Katsura: [Note: Parody of President Obama's\Ncampaign slogan.]
Hijikata: Two People Are Better Than One!"
GINTOKI: We managed to make it through\Nthis week somehow.
GINTOKI: We're only through one cours.
Kagura: I don't think I can hold on\Nanother three seasons.
Kagura: Forget it.
Kagura: I'll just go right here.
Shinpachi: So why am I just a pair of glasses?
 Name:  Text
Hijikata: Three days without any action.
Hijikata: But he should be making a move soon.
Hijikata: Hijikata here.
Hijikata: No change here yet.
Hijikata: How's it going over there?
Okita: Roger.
Hijikata: I'm asking how the back door looks.
Hijikata: How's it going over there?
Okita: I prefer more MSG flavor.
Hijikata: Huh?
Okita: More like a taste issue.
Hijikata: Why are you eating in the\Nmiddle of a stakeout?
Hijikata: And your slurping's too loud!
Guy: You're bothering the other customers.
Guy: Could you stop talking\Non your cell phone?
Okita: Roger.
Hijikata: Get back to your post!
Hijikata: Bastard...pisses me off.
GINTOKI: Could you move?
Hijikata: Huh? You're...
GINTOKI: Look here...
GINTOKI: You see?
GINTOKI: This is where everybody\Nthrows their trash.
GINTOKI: Or what?
GINTOKI: Is this your trash can?
Hijikata: He's half asleep.
Hijikata: He hasn't noticed me?
Hijikata: Tch.
Hijikata: I just had to run into this troublemaker...
Hijikata: I don't have time to deal with him.
GINTOKI: Stuff that belongs to everyone\Nshould be shared by everyone.
GINTOKI: Stuff that belongs to you should\Nbe shared by everyone.
GINTOKI: Like a reverse Jaian kind of thing.
GINTOKI: You have to follow the proper\Nmanners for sharing.
GINTOKI: Got it?
Hijikata: My bad.
GINTOKI: What kind of response is that?
GINTOKI: You think that's enough to get\Nyou out of any situation?
GINTOKI: Are you like a husband on\Nhis third year of marriage?
GINTOKI: Getting weary of the married life?
GINTOKI: Then look me in the eye!
GINTOKI: Ah.
Hijikata: Don't "Ah" me.
Hijikata: It's too early to be dealing\Nwith your blabbing.
Hijikata: I'm working here.
Hijikata: So the citizens can pile\Nup their trash in peace.
Hijikata: So scram if you don't want me\Nto drag you down to the station!
GINTOKI: You're seriously pissing me off!
GINTOKI: Using binoculars to peep\Nthis early in the morning?
GINTOKI: And you're getting all excited?
GINTOKI: So you're like a sex offender?
GINTOKI: That's not funny.
GINTOKI: Especially for this show.
Hijikata: Who are you accusing of peeping?!
Hijikata: I said to stop blabbing!
GINTOKI: Go right ahead!
GINTOKI: You should take a look\Ninside your own soul
GINTOKI: before you peep on other people's lives!
GINTOKI: Check out one of your embarrassing\Nchildhood memories!
GINTOKI: It might even make you cry!
GINTOKI: Huh?
Hijikata: You're under arrest for interfering
Hijikata: with a police investigation and\Ninsulting a police officer.
GINTOKI: That's not funny!
GINTOKI: Huh?
Hijikata: I arrested someone for interfering\Nwith the investigation.
Hijikata: Take him to the station for me.
Okita: Roger.
Guy: Roger!
Hijikata: Why are you ordering more noodles?!
Hijikata: Get your ass over here now!
Hijikata: You're late.
GINTOKI: Nothing at all.
GINTOKI: This is an unlawful arrest.
GINTOKI: I didn't do anything.
Hijikata: so take him down to the\Nstation and lock him up.
Okita: I can't do that.
Okita: My duty comes before my life.
Hijikata: Who was the one eating\Nramen a moment ago?!
Hijikata: Huh?
GINTOKI: What?
Hijikata: Use your key to unlock us.
Hijikata: Why are you cuffing me?!
Okita: I'm going back to my post now.
GINTOKI: Okita-kun!
Hijikata: Get these off us! What are you thinking?!
Okita: it's a lot more fun this way?
Okita: Then I'll be going.
Hijikata: Fine!
Hijikata: Give me the key!
Hijikata: Just give me the key!
Hijikata: I told you to give me the\N''key''! Not mayonnaise!
Okita: What are you talking about?
Okita: Aren't you always {\i1}keen{\i0}\Nabout mayonnaise?
GINTOKI: Clever!
Okita: Take care of yourselves then.
GINTOKI: Hey! Okita-kun!
GINTOKI: Don't be so hasty!
GINTOKI: You should have a more\Npositive outlook on life!
Hijikata: Sogo!
Both: Don't look at me.
Hijikata: Why do I have to be stuck with\NMr. Master-of-pissing-me-off?
GINTOKI: Hold on a sec.
GINTOKI: I didn't check my horoscope today.
GINTOKI: How does taking out the trash lead to\Nbeing paired with throbby-vein-boy?
Hijikata: Ack!
Hijikata: Target's on the move!
Hijikata: Hey! Why are you going that way?!
GINTOKI: I'm headed for the station.
Hijikata: What are you babbling about?!
Hijikata: We've been chasing this radical Anti-Foreigner\NFaction member for over a month!
Hijikata: He's on the wanted list...
GINTOKI: Let's go to the station and get these off.
Hijikata: A month of work will go down\Nthe drain if I miss this chance!
Hijikata: Can't you understand?!
GINTOKI: Drain schmain. You can play\Ncops and robbers later.
GINTOKI: Give me my freedom and justice already!
Hijikata: The worst possible timing...
Hijikata: Target's on the move!
Hijikata: Follow him!
Hijikata: Bah! After him!
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: The girl you like will run away\Nif you're always on the chase!
Hijikata: I can't let him get away now!
GINTOKI: It's got nothing to do with me!
Hijikata: I'm going to arrest you\Nfor obstructing justice.
GINTOKI: I've already been arrested!
Both: Cut it out already!
GINTOKI: Justice!
Hijikata: He's right...
Hijikata: I have to convince him to help\Nor else nothing will get done.
Hijikata: I'll have to ask him...
GINTOKI: What are you doing?
Hijikata: None of your business!
Hijikata: Could you help me chase down an\NAnti-Foreigner Faction fugitive?
Hijikata: Well?
GINTOKI: Huh?
Okita: You need to get down on\Nyour knees and beg.
Hijikata: Shove it!
GINTOKI: That's right. On your knees.
Hijikata: Fine.
Hijikata: Okay! I'm down on my knees!
Hijikata: Okay! I'm down on my knees!
Hijikata: Please help me chase the fugitive!
Hijikata: Okay! I'm down on my knees!
GINTOKI: Ow! That hurts!
Hijikata: Okay! I'm down on my knees!
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
Hijikata: Why?!
GINTOKI: Well I won't get these handcuffs\Noff until you agree to come.
Hijikata: Later.
Hijikata: I can't take my eyes off him right now.
GINTOKI: Just capture him already.
GINTOKI: It can't be that hard.
Hijikata: Our goal isn't to catch him.
Hijikata: Our ultimate goal is to follow him to their\Nbase and round up the whole lot.
GINTOKI: Lot schmot.
GINTOKI: Forget the tedious stuff\Nand get this over with.
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: Amateurs should keep their mouths shut!
Okita: Be more polite.
Hijikata: I don't wanna hear another\Nword outta you!
Hijikata: And stop staring at us!
Hijikata: We're following him in.
Hijikata: Act natural.
Hijikata: How is this natural?!
GINTOKI: We're going with the story that\Nour parents were dancers
GINTOKI: so we have a natural tendency to dance.
Hijikata: That's not what I meant by natural.
Hijikata: Where the hell are you\Nwatching us from?!
Waitress: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Hijikata: What do you think you're doing?
GINTOKI: I'm just eating this parfait.
Hijikata: You screwed up my aim with the mayonnaise\Nwhen you moved your arm.
GINTOKI: What do you need mayonnaise for?
GINTOKI: Why are you adding mayonnaise\Nto coffee?
Hijikata: Mayonnaise is an all-mighty\Nuniversal condiment
Hijikata: that works on everything and anything.
GINTOKI: Are you an idiot?
GINTOKI: Damn it! Don't ruin my parfait!
Hijikata: I didn't ruin it!
Hijikata: Damn amateur...
Okita: Hijikata-san. Hijikata-san.
Hijikata: What is it?
Okita: I just remembered that I forgot\Nto tell you something.
Okita: That mayonnaise I gave you...
GINTOKI: Hi-ji-ka-ta-kun...
Okita: Had laxative in it.
GINTOKI: I need to take a shit.
Hijikata: No way.
GINTOKI: H-H-H-Hold it right there!
Hijikata: What is it?
Hijikata: I can't wait any longer!
GINTOKI: Think for a second.
GINTOKI: Can both of us take a\Ncrap in the same stall?
Hijikata: We can't!
GINTOKI: That'd be like a rendezvous\Nin the restroom.
GINTOKI: A rendezvous with our bowels in agony!
Hijikata: You're right...
Hijikata: That thought is scary enough.
Hijikata: What do we do then?!
GINTOKI: Don't get too worked up.
GINTOKI: We have knowledge and\Npaper on our side!
GINTOKI: We can come up with the\Nbest possible plan...
GINTOKI: Let's start with plan A.
GINTOKI: One of us conducts his business while\Nthe other waits on top of the door.
GINTOKI: But there's the risk that the person\Nwaiting will have to watch the act.
Hijikata: What's plan B?
GINTOKI: B...
GINTOKI: The person waiting outside sticks\Nhis hand through the door.
GINTOKI: But then the door can't be\Ncompletely shut or locked.
Hijikata: Plan C...
GINTOKI: Plan C...
GINTOKI: while the person waiting risks having\Nto lay down on the floor.
GINTOKI: Now which one do you want?
GINTOKI: Same here.
GINTOKI: All that's left is to decide the order.
Both: First comes rock.
Hijikata: Alright!
GINTOKI: You went after I did.
Hijikata: There's no time for false accusations\Nin this emergency!
GINTOKI: No! An emergency is\Nexactly the time for it!
Both: I won't let you go!
Both: We're screwed!
GINTOKI: Japanese-style...!
GINTOKI: Japanese-style...
GINTOKI: but the lack of height means that\Nplan A will no longer work!
GINTOKI: And there's too much distance between the\Ntoilet and the door so plan B's also out...
Hijikata: Which means...
Hijikata: I can't take anymore...
GINTOKI: No more...
Hijikata: Has God...
Hijikata: ...forsaken us?
GINTOKI: There's still plan D.
GINTOKI: Plan D...
GINTOKI: The other person does a handstand above\Nthe person conducting his business.
GINTOKI: but both people must be strong enough\Nfor this prohibited and risky maneuver.
Hijikata: Is that even possible?!
GINTOKI: We have no choice!
Okita: Hijikata-san. Odd Jobs Master.
Okita: You okay in there?
Both: Shut up!
Hijikata: You took way too long.
Hijikata: My arms are all numb.
GINTOKI: You used too much paper.
GINTOKI: I only had 10 cm to use.
Hijikata: I won't let him get away!
Hijikata: Stop! This is the police!
GINTOKI: There's a truck! A truck!
GINTOKI: Right! Right!
GINTOKI: Stupid! Not that way!
Hijikata: You told me to go right!
GINTOKI: I'll kill you!
Hijikata: Shut the hell up!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Adults are supposed to be smart enough\Nto see from another person's perspective!
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: As if I'm going to follow your orders!
GINTOKI: I can't even tell anymore!
Hijikata: That's what I should be saying!
Hijikata: Okay...
Hijikata: We somehow managed\Nto track him down.
Hijikata: Hold on...
GINTOKI: You're not done yet?
Hijikata: Send reinforcements.
GINTOKI: Haven't you realized that's\Na waste of time?
Hijikata: Tch.
Hijikata: Guess I have no choice.
GINTOKI: What do you have in mind?
GINTOKI: Don't tell me you're going to barge in.
Hijikata: Of course I am.
Hijikata: I can't let this chance slip\Naway after coming so far.
GINTOKI: I'm pretty tired...
Hijikata: Want me to get down\Non my knees again?
Guy: Good work.
Guy: Of course not!
Guy: Good...
Guy: There's a boat in the harbor.
Guy: Move the stuff and escape.
Guys: Yes!
Hijikata: Damn it. I won't let...
Hijikata: Idiot!
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: What happened to the target?
Okita: Hijikata-san?
Guy: Somebody's here!
GINTOKI: Crap!
GINTOKI: You just had to drop your radio!
Hijikata: Shut up!
GINTOKI: Flip over so I can land on you!
Guy: You two have guts to sneak\Nin by yourselves.
Guy: And they're handcuffed.
Hijikata: Friendly...
Guy: You can go to the next world together!
GINTOKI: Who did you just accuse of being friendly\Nwith this mayonnaise addict?!
GINTOKI: You're all under arrest for interfering
Guy: What a laugh.
Guy: Kill them!
Guy: Wh-Who are these guys?
Guy: Are they monsters?
Guy: What are you doing?!
Guy: Attack all at once!
Guy: Damn it!
Guy: What a crazy combo!
Both: Hell no!
Guy: Die together!
Both: I said...
Both: ...we're not together!
GINTOKI: You're late.
Hijikata: You get to clean this mess up.
Guy: Damn it...
Guy: We won't forget this!
Hijikata: Pretty sure this will take more\Nthan a simple clean-up.
Okita: All's well that end's well.
Okita: Everything worked out in the end.
Okita: So what do we do?
Okita: Do I take Master down to the station?
GINTOKI: That's not funny!
GINTOKI: You're still going to drag\Nme down there?!
Hijikata: I don't want to see his face for a while.
GINTOKI: Moron!
GINTOKI: That's what I should be saying.
Okita: The two of them really do get along.
Both: We don't get along.
GINTOKI: Almost a week has passed since\NDragon Quest IX came out.
[Note: {\an7}[Note: Dragon Quest IX came\Nout on July 11th in Japan.]
GINTOKI: Did everyone beat it already?
GINTOKI: I haven't yet.
GINTOKI: That's bad.
GINTOKI: I'll miss out on all the chatter.
GINTOKI: Don't spoil the name of\Nthe last boss for me!
Shinpachi: Hell no!
GINTOKI: ["Smooth Polygons Smooth Man's Hearts Too"]
GINTOKI: [An accident occurs in Tama's body.\NIt's caused by a computer virus.]
Shinpachi: [Next time: Tama Quest... Game start!]
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Boom!
GINTOKI: Wh-What?!
Tama: Watch TV in a well-lit room and\Ndon't sit too close to the screen.
GINTOKI: Huh?! Where's the TV?!
Otose: Making yourself busy bright\Nand early every morning...
Otose: We don't open till nighttime.
Tama: I can function normally on only\Na little recharge and oil.
Tama: So please do not concern yourself.
Otose: Sleep is the kind of thing that's\Nbeneficial without feeling like it is.
Otose: People and machines need time\Nto rest and clear their minds.
Otose: The things we take for granted are\Nmore important than you think.
Otose: you'll end up like those losers upstairs.
Otose: feeling under the weather\Nall year round...
Tama: A robot can't catch a cold.
Tama: Please do not concern yourself.
Otose: but aren't you feeling a little\Nunder the weather?
Otose: You've been working non-stop\Nthe past few days.
Otose: An occasional trip to a hot springs...
Tama: Otose-sama.
Tama: Thank you very much for always\Nbeing concerned about me.
Tama: But I'm truly fine.
Tama: The fact that I'm able to work\Nhere with everyone...
Tama: The fact that I can be\Nhere with everyone...
Tama: Is enough to make me happy.
GINTOKI: Eh? Something's wrong with Tama?
Otose: but her face looked odd for a moment.
GINTOKI: Her face looked odd for a moment?
GINTOKI: Better than looking odd 24/7.
Otose: That's right.
Otose: It beats having a face that looks like\Na cicada husk 24/7 the way you do.
Otose: What were they called again?
GINTOKI: Polygons?
Otose: I'm sure she's tired after working so hard.
Otose: Could you check if any screws\Nare loose or anything?
GINTOKI: How could a little breakdown make\Na puppet look like polygons?
GINTOKI: How could a machine get tired?
Otose: I saw it with my own eyes.
Otose: H-Hey...
Otose: What's with your face...
Tama: What do you mean?
Otose: Not just your face. Your\Nwhole body's all jagged!
Tama: I am sorry. I cannot comprehend\Nwhat Otose-sama is saying.
Otose: It's in plain sight!
Otose: She has worked too hard\Nthe past few days.
GINTOKI: It was probably an optical illusion.
GINTOKI: Something that ridiculous\Ncould never happen.
GINTOKI: You're the one who's tired.
GINTOKI: Your time's coming.
Tama: I have returned.
Otose: Welcome back. Thanks for...
Tama: Good morning.
Shinpachi: Forget polygons!\NShe's down to pixels now!
Tama: Tama completed her errand.
Tama: 230 experience gained.
Tama: 300 G lost.
Shinpachi: Even the speech bubbles\Nare NES-level!
Tama: Otose-sama.
Tama: Sorry for the wait.
Tama: The supermarket was crowded\Nbecause of a sale.
Shinpachi: The way it was in the first Dragon Quest!
Shinpachi: It's creepy!
Shinpachi: I can hear that sad song they\Nplayed in Radatom Castle!
Tama: These are the goods you requested.
Tama: Tama handed over a medicinal herb.
Tama: [Note: This is a reference to a famous\Nline from Dragon Quest.]
Tama: There is no response. It's just a corpse.
Otose: Who are you calling a "corpse"?!
Otose: And I never asked for medicinal herbs!
Tama: Tama handed over a cypress stick.
Otose: I didn't ask for that either!
Otose: Which item store did you even go to?!
Tama: There is no response.
Tama: It's just a corpse.
Otose: Don't try to play dumb!
Shinpachi: Tama-san!
Shinpachi: How did you end up like this?!
Shinpachi: What in the world happened?!
Otose: You must have broken down because\NI worked you too hard!
Kagura: It's dangerous when she's\Nall jagged like this.
Kagura: People will cut themselves.
Kagura: You should fix her into a form that's\Ncompletely round and child safe.
GINTOKI: What's wrong with leaving her like this?
GINTOKI: There isn't that much difference.
Shinpachi: Just look!
Shinpachi: Her legs are still moving while\Nshe's quietly standing here!
Shinpachi: one with her right leg up and\None with her left leg up!
GINTOKI: It'll be fine.
GINTOKI: She'll get the pose where
GINTOKI: she's carrying a princess after\Nshe rescues Princess Laura.
Shinpachi: Princess Laura doesn't exist in this world!
GINTOKI: Who cares if she stays this way?
GINTOKI: Pixels are classic.
GINTOKI: that consisted of just straight lines.
GINTOKI: I was a little disappointed with the flashy cover\Nart not matching the actual in-game screens.
GINTOKI: I was so touched when I saw the\Nword "you" in the cast credits.
GINTOKI: Are we trying to watch a movie?
GINTOKI: We want to play a game!
Shinpachi: No!
Shinpachi: How did this turn into a discussion\Nabout gaming?!
GINTOKI: Got it?
GINTOKI: Games don't play you! You play games!
GINTOKI: We don't need any CG or movies!
GINTOKI: You wanna let them lead you around?!
GINTOKI: Do you have no imagination?!
GINTOKI: Pixel graphics!
GINTOKI: Events that are text-only!
GINTOKI: That's all you need!
Shinpachi: That's enough. Just shut up.
Shinpachi: The Wizardry generation can go scour\Ntheir dungeons for Muramasa.
Shinpachi: You probably don't think you can fix her.
Shinpachi: I get it. I won't ask you.
Kagura: Pathetic.
Kagura: As pathetic as a man who can't\Nhook up a DVD player.
Kagura: As pathetic as a man who screams\Nwhen he sees a cockroach.
Kagura: As pathetic as a man who still has\Nhis mommy buy his underwear.
Shinpachi: when they start talking about games?
Tama: Tama handed over a medicinal herb.
GINTOKI: Why are you trying to be nice to me?!
GINTOKI: What kind of wounds am I supposed\Nto heal with that?!
GINTOKI: I could fix this in a second if I wanted to.
GINTOKI: I'll fix her.
Kagura: Really?
GINTOKI: I'll show you the power of\Nthe Wizardry generation.
Shinpachi: Huh? What's with the screen?
GINTOKI: All right!
Shinpachi: You didn't fix anything!
Shinpachi: Why are you trying to go through\Nevents text-only like in Wizardry?!
Shinpachi: You think it's okay to use\Nonly text in an anime?!
Shinpachi: The screen won't last!
Shinpachi: You can't fix anything like that!
GINTOKI: I gave the viewers the freedom\Nto imagine how she was fixed.
GINTOKI: That's the Wizardry way.
Shinpachi: You're just being lazy!
Shinpachi: And she isn't fixed!
Shinpachi: Forget it!
Shinpachi: The Wizardry generation can go
Shinpachi: and fail to resurrect at a church\Nand turn to ashes!
GINTOKI: Fail to resurrect at a church and\Nturn into powdered polygons!
Shinpachi: Shut up!
Shinpachi: Teleport into a rock and\Nwipe out the party!
GINTOKI: You teleport into polygons and live\Non for me as a Virtua Fighter!
Guy: She's got a cold.
Shinpachi: A cold?
Shinpachi: How can a robot catch a cold?
Guy: It would be more accurate to say that\Nshe's caught a computer virus.
Shinpachi: A computer virus?
Guy: An illegal program that roams the\Nvirtual world destroying data.
Guy: She was probably infected when she connected\Nto the Internet for her work.
Shinpachi: which is why she's behaving this way.
GINTOKI: Hey now.
GINTOKI: and now this?
Guy: but she's got an especially tough one.
Guy: The computer virus "Tapir."
Guy: Tapir reads the data from\Nthe system it has infected
Guy: while rewriting its own program.
Guy: and more deeply embedded in its victim.
Guy: but one that's been evolving over an extended\Nperiod will be more difficult to remove.
Guy: And the Tapir virus will be as strong\Nas the system it has infected.
Guy: it must have evolved a great deal.
Guy: And it's been there for a while.
Guy: Nobody can do anything about it.
Guy: It's evolved into the strongest\Nand worst virus ever.
Shinpachi: N-No way...
Guy: Don't be ridiculous.
Guy: I'm the top robot technician in Edo.
Guy: There's nothing I can't do.
Guy: However...
Guy: We're dealing with a brand-new virus.
Guy: It'll take some time to make a vaccine.
Guy: She'll be a robot with no soul.
Shinpachi: No way...
Guy: But there's still a way to save Tama.
GINTOKI: What?
Guy: It'll be a dangerous gamble.
Guy: For Tama...
Guy: And for all of you...
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter.
GINTOKI: Just tell us.
Guy: Should I interpret that response to mean
Guy: that you're willing to risk\Nyour lives for Tama?
GINTOKI: Think what you will.
GINTOKI: Just tell us already.
GINTOKI: Huh? What's this?
GINTOKI: What's this robot doing?
Kagura: Gin-chan!!
Shinpachi: Th-This is more than just risking his life!
Shinpachi: Th-This means Gin-san's...
Shinpachi: This... This is...!
Shinpachi: Huh? What's this?
Shinpachi: Who is this?
Shinpachi: I don't like this.
Shinpachi: G-Gengai-san?!
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: Why is Gin-san so tiny?!
Guy: The magic mallet Z503.
Guy: It sends super magnetic waves\Nthrough the object it hits
Guy: and shrinks the target's cells\Nand the target itself.
Guy: A high-tech weapon created by yours truly.
Shinpachi: Don't tell me you're going\Nto smash us with...
Kagura: S-Stop!
Kagura: Don't add to your crimes!
Kagura: What can you possibly accomplish\Nby doing this?!
Kagura: Why are you doing this?!
Guy: Shouldn't that be obvious?
Guy: We're going to eliminate the virus.
Guy: Not through a vaccine or an anti-virus.
Guy: You midgets are doing it.
Guy: Best of luck to you.
Kagura: You jerk!
Shinpachi: Gin-san.
Shinpachi: Can we trade off already?
GINTOKI: Don't give me that crap.
GINTOKI: We just switched.
GINTOKI: you'll be willing to buy back the hardships\Nduring your youth at a Book-Hoff.
GINTOKI: Even if they're used.
Kagura: It's extremely tiring to row through oil.
Kagura: I'm hungry.
Kagura: You think any half-eaten\Nfood will float by?
Kagura: Where are we right now?
Shinpachi: so we're probably somewhere\Naround the stomach.
GINTOKI: Does a robot even have a stomach?
Shinpachi: I don't know.
GINTOKI: Where are we even headed\Nto begin with?
Shinpachi: I don't know.
GINTOKI: How can you not know?!\NWhat are we supposed to do?!
GINTOKI: and throws us into her mouth?!
GINTOKI: We don't know how to defeat\Nthe virus or where it even is!
Shinpachi: Don't take it out on me.
Shinpachi: This is all Gengai-san's fault.
GINTOKI: That stupid old man...
Shinpachi: Why am I the only one with two?
Guy: Well?
Guy: I call it Operation Midget.
Kagura: That's so bland.
Kagura: Use a little more imagination.
Guy: You're going to enter Tama's body\Nand treat her from the inside.
Shinpachi: Uh...
Guy: I was expecting you to ask that.
Guy: Use these. Here.
GINTOKI: Isn't this just a toothpick?!
GINTOKI: Old geezer! You sure you didn't\Njust want to play with midgets?!
Guy: Don't mistake those for\Nordinary toothpicks.
Guy: They've been modified.
GINTOKI: Eh?
GINTOKI: Like we can count on your modifications\Nto be worth anything.
GINTOKI: The last time...
Guy: Gin-no-ji! Push on your\Nwooden sword's grip!
Guy: It dispenses soy sauce.
Guy: Don't worry.
Guy: My technical skills have\Nimproved since then.
Guy: Go ahead. Push it.
GINTOKI: But I'll give it a shot!
Guy: It's dashi soy sauce.
Kagura: Woohoo! My egg rice will be tastier now!
GINTOKI: Shut up! You turn into soy sauce!
Guy: Stop griping and get going.
GINTOKI: Hey! Why a bowl?!
GINTOKI: You just want to play with midgets!
Guy: It's important to have atmosphere.
Kagura: It's all sticky.
Shinpachi: This must be some kind of special\Ncoating to make it easier
Shinpachi: to enter Tama-san's body...
Guy: It's the bowl I just used to eat natto.
Shinpachi: I'm gonna strangle you!
Guy: You'll be going through the mouth.
GINTOKI: Damn old geezer...
GINTOKI: What are we supposed\Nto do with a toothpick?!
GINTOKI: It can't even remove the squid\Nstuck between my teeth...
GINTOKI: It's actually useful!
GINTOKI: Like I'm actually going to say that!
GINTOKI: Choke on some squid and die!
GINTOKI: Pulling out some Do***mon-esque\Ngadget and shoving us into hell!
GINTOKI: while slashing this toothpick around!
Shinpachi: This is the only way to save Tama-san.
Shinpachi: We don't have a choice.
Kagura: That's right.
Kagura: You can't reach the urinary uvula
Kagura: without passing through\Nthe palatine uvula.
Kagura: But her name means "balls."
Shinpachi: Get over it!
Kagura: I can see land!
Kagura: I wonder where we are.
Shinpachi: so we're probably near the entrance\Nto the small intestine.
GINTOKI: Does a robot even have\Na small intestine?
Shinpachi: I don't know.
GINTOKI: Will this really work?
Shinpachi: We'll just have to look around.
Shinpachi: We can enter the small intestine\Nand head towards the anus.
GINTOKI: And does a robot even have an anus?
Shinpachi: I don't know.
Shinpachi: We don't have a choice.
Shinpachi: It's not like we can gather information when\Nthere aren't any people around...
Shinpachi: There's one!
Shinpachi: There's someone here!
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: Why is there a person inside Tama-san?!
Shinpachi: And why is he wearing a bodysuit?!
GINTOKI: We can ask him.
Shinpachi: Hold on!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! It's dangerous!
GINTOKI: but I need to ask a few questions.
GINTOKI: so we don't know our way around.
GINTOKI: There's an arrow sticking\Nout of your rear...
GINTOKI: Are you okay?
White: Fortune must be smiling on me to bring me an\Nencounter with you as I lie on my deathbed.
GINTOKI: Lie on your deathbed? You just\Nhave an arrow in your ass.
White: Please listen to my last request.
GINTOKI: It's just an arrow in your ass.
White: I bequeath you to carry\Na message to my king.
GINTOKI: King?
White: It saddens me to say that\Nour leukocyte army
White: has fallen to the virus army.
White: This world will soon fall into\Nthe hands of the Tapir.
White: I pray that our king takes flight.
White: And searches for the legendary\Nwarriors from another world...
White: Search for the midgets...
GINTOKI: A Little
All: Ginpachi Sensei!
GINTOKI: someone with the pen name\NCherry Blossom Samurai.
GINTOKI: Hello.
GINTOKI: I'm having a hard time drawing\NGin-san's dead fish eyes.
GINTOKI: Please tell me if there's a trick to it.
GINTOKI: Okay. Here's your answer.
GINTOKI: And draw heavy eyelids.
GINTOKI: You should only be able\Nto see half of his pupils.
GINTOKI: Then you bring the eyebrows\Nand eyes closer together
GINTOKI: and sharpen the eyelids.
GINTOKI: There you go. A serious-looking Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Stop trying to escape the lecture\Nby doodling in class.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: There's an RPG world\Ninside Tama's body?!
GINTOKI: Why does this look so much\Nlike Dragon Quest?!
Shinpachi: I don't know.
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: The Human Body is Like\Na Little Universe!
GINTOKI: [An RPG world of anti-leukocyte viruses\Nhas emerged within Tama's body.]
GINTOKI: [Gin-san and the gang set out for the castle\Nin order to meet with the Leukocyte King.]
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Can't you tell?
Shinpachi: Nobody uses a password system\Nin this day and age!
Shinpachi: And a spell was never mentioned\Nat the end of last week's episode!
GINTOKI: What? You didn't write it down?
Shinpachi: There wasn't one!
GINTOKI: You're so useless.
GINTOKI: Then I'll just enter something random.
GINTOKI: It'll be fine.
GINTOKI: There's usually a pattern to these things.
Shinpachi: And doesn't this spell\Nlook awfully familiar?
Shinpachi: And aren't you including people who\Nhave nothing to do with GinTama?
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: A different game has started up!
Shinpachi: How ancient is this thing?!
Shinpachi: Kids nowadays wouldn't be\Nable to recognize this!
Shinpachi: And what the hell is Tama-san doing?!
GINTOKI: Tama's the killer.
GINTOKI: Tama was the culprit.
Shinpachi: That was fast!
Shinpachi: And that's not even possible!
Shinpachi: That had nothing to do with\Nlast week's episode!
Shinpachi: Where the hell is Tamatopia?!
Shinpachi: Can't you be serious about this?!
Gengai: The computer virus "Tapir."
Gengai: it must have evolved a great deal.
Gengai: And it's been there for a while.
Gengai: Nobody can do anything about it.
Gengai: It's evolved into the strongest\Nand worst virus ever.
Gengai: But there's still a way to save Tama.
Gengai: Shouldn't that be obvious?
Gengai: We're going to eliminate the virus.
Gengai: You midgets are doing it.
Gengai: Best of luck to you.
Guard: Welcome to Leukocyte Kingdom.
[Note: [Note: Leukocytes are the white blood cells\Nthat defend the body from infections.]
Guard: Head east to find Bifidus Village.
Guard: Head south to find E. coli town.
Guard: But stay away from the Capillary\NCaves to the west.
Guard: It's crawling with viruses.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: What?
Shinpachi: What's with these people?
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: What's with this place?
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: Why are all these people in bodysuits wandering\Naround inside Tama-san's body?!
Shinpachi: Why is there an entire nation\Ninside of Tama-san?!
Shinpachi: Why is there a weapon shop?!
Shinpachi: Why is there an inn?!
Shinpachi: Why is this like an RPG?!
Shinpachi: Where are you two going?
GINTOKI: Shouldn't that be obvious?
GINTOKI: The first step when you come to one of these\Nplaces is to put together a war chest.
GINTOKI: That's why...
Shinpachi: Why did you head straight\Nfor the casino?!
GINTOKI: I just said we needed a war chest.
GINTOKI: I don't want to deal with a riskily run adventure\Nwhere we're always strapped for cash.
GINTOKI: I'm the kind of person who spends hours
GINTOKI: on the mini games whenever\NI play an RPG.
Shinpachi: in-game and in real life!
Shinpachi: We don't have time to play around here!
Shinpachi: Tama-san will be taken over by more\Nof the virus if we don't hurry!
Kagura: you'll have to stay equipped with\Nthose Cypress Glasses?
Shinpachi: What the hell are Cypress Glasses?!
Kagura: Don't you want to buy Steel\NGlasses at the next town?
GINTOKI: Calm down for now.
GINTOKI: It's a waste to rush through everything.
GINTOKI: It's important to prepare well before setting\Nout on an adventure in an RPG.
GINTOKI: Don't blame me if you leave the safe town\Nand run into a really strong enemy.
Priest: Now confess what you've\Ndone before God.
Shinpachi: We're saving right now?!
Shinpachi: We haven't done anything yet!
Shinpachi: All we did was go to the casino!
Kagura: What's your beef?
GINTOKI: I see.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi's the type who always\Nrests up at an inn before saving?
GINTOKI: You're a real stickler.
Shinpachi: You people are the sticklers! Who\Nbothers to save at this point?!
Shinpachi: Just move on with the story!
Shinpachi: Were you listening to me?
Shinpachi: We need to hurry.
GINTOKI: I know that.
GINTOKI: But y'know?
GINTOKI: We're completely clueless right now.
GINTOKI: There's no point in floundering around.
GINTOKI: Do you know what we're\Nsupposed to do?
GINTOKI: See?
GINTOKI: We have no idea if these guys\Nare allies or enemies.
Shinpachi: You have a point...
Tama: Do not worry.
Tama: They all serve me.
Shinpachi: Ta-Tama-san!
Tama: Allow me to guide you.
Tama: Could you please follow me?
Shinpachi: What?!
Shinpachi: Tama-san showed up inside Tama-san!
Tama: I apologize for taking so long.
Tama: I created an offshoot from a sector\Nin my system that is still safe.
Tama: I shall provide you with support.
Shinpachi: Provide us with support?
Shinpachi: Is your body okay?!
Tama: There is no problem.
Tama: I cannot lie around shamelessly while\Neveryone else is fighting for my sake.
Tama: I shall redirect the remaining operational\Nsystems to support you.
Shinpachi: Does that include these guys?!
Shinpachi: Security?! These men in bodysuits?!
Tama: Their job is to expel the viruses\Nthat infiltrate my body.
Shinpachi: Protect you...?
Shinpachi: Are they actually protecting you?
Shinpachi: It looks more like they're pretending\Nto be in Dragon Quest.
Tama: There is no problem.
Tama: Their program has been rewritten to recognize\Nyou as saviors from another world.
Tama: They should all assist you\Nin destroying the viruses.
Tama: We should start by meeting with the Leukocyte\NKing and asking for his aid.
Tama: It will be impossible to defeat\Nthe Tapir without it.
White: It saddens me to say that our Leukocyte\Narmy has fallen to the Virus army.
White: I pray that our king takes flight.
White: And searches for the legendary\Nwarriors from another world...
White: Search for the midgets...
GINTOKI: Don't kill him off like that.
GINTOKI: And Tonnelat is one lame name.
GINTOKI: What are love experience points?
GINTOKI: How many times does a girl have to fail\Nat love before she grows stronger?
GINTOKI: And who's Tonnelat?
Shinpachi: What the hell?!
Shinpachi: How many summers has\Nhe been through?!
Shinpachi: And why Suke-san?!
False King: Would you like to learn the\Nresurrection spell for love?
Kagura: Only weak men would\Nbe interested in that.
Kagura: Women are always looking\Nforward to their next love!
GINTOKI: When did this game turn\Ninto a romance RPG?
GINTOKI: Are you completely influenced\Nby your memories of love?!
False King: Ow! Ow!
False King: Her parting words are piercing my heart!
GINTOKI: Like I care!
False King: What did you say?!
False King: You mean our Leukocyte army was\Ndefeated by the Virus army?!
Shinpachi: Yes.
Shinpachi: That was the last message\Nfrom the injured soldier.
Shinpachi: He wished for Your Majesty to escape before\Nyour foes reached your kingdom.
False King: But running away from love\Nwill only lead to regret.
Shinpachi: Can you drop the crap\Nabout love already?!
Shinpachi: Are you a sophomore in high\Nschool or something?!
False King: Escape and abandon the leukocytes who've\Nbeen injured while fighting for this kingdom?
False King: How could I do such a thing?
False King: Travelers...
False King: A legend has been passed down\Nin this kingdom from olden days.
False King: heroes carrying toothpicks will travel from\Nanother world to save our world!
False King: Perhaps you all are...
False King: How could I ask someone else to fight for the sake\Nof a kingdom on the verge of destruction?!
Kagura: Except you just said that out loud.
GINTOKI: Enough introductions. Just hand\Nover your remaining soldiers.
GINTOKI: And give us whatever's in your treasure\Nvault for our war chest.
Shinpachi: We sound more like thieves than heroes.
False King: Amazing.
False King: Are you offering to fight on our side?
False King: My eyes did not betray me!
False King: You must be the heroic\Nmidgets of legend!
False King: But our kingdom has suffered from the long\Nwar and we have no soldiers to offer you.
GINTOKI: Don't give me that bull!
GINTOKI: I'll abuse you like a workhorse.
False King: I shall offer one of the\Nstrongest soldiers of the
False King: Leukocyte Kingdom to aid\Nyou in your journey.
Shinpachi: Really?
False King: Come forth!
False King: Take whichever one you want.
Shinpachi: We don't want either of them!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: How can you call them Double Dragon?!
Shinpachi: How can you call them\Nthe strongest pair?!
Shinpachi: Why is there someone who looks like\Nthe prince crying behind Bortega?!
Shinpachi: You're obviously trying to get\Nrid of a dog the prince took in!
Prince: Are you taking it...?
Shinpachi: We aren't! We aren't taking it!
False King: So you don't want Bortega...
False King: Then take Moth-
Shinpachi: Mother?!
Shinpachi: You were about to say "Mother"!
Shinpachi: You called Despigaro "Mother"!
GINTOKI: You trying to ditch your mother\Noff on the party of heroes
GINTOKI: because you don't want\Nto take care of her?
Kagura: Unbelievable. He's worse\Nthan those viruses.
Kagura: We should eliminate him first.
False King: Wait! Wait! Wait!
False King: No! No!
False King: That's wrong! You've got it all wrong!
False King: You know how people accidentally call\Ntheir teacher "Mother" sometimes?
False King: That's what it was! For real!
GINTOKI: You're not even acting\Nlike a king anymore.
GINTOKI: More like a common thug!
False King: It's true that I've been fighting with my\Nwife about how to take care of Mother.
False King: It's true there was an uproar because\NTakeshi brought home a mutt.
False King: But none of that has anything to do\Nwith what we're discussing here!
GINTOKI: Except it does.
GINTOKI: It's obviously related!
GINTOKI: You're obviously trying to dump\Nyour problems off on us!
False King: No! You're wrong!
False King: but that's because they were\Ncursed by the virus!
False King: they'll return to their original\Nforms and serve you well!
False King: Very well! Please give it a try!
GINTOKI: What's this Poof Mirror crap?
GINTOKI: Your head's gone poof!
False King: No! I'm serious!
False King: If you had the Poof Mirror!
False King: I could show you!
Tama: We have it.
Tama: The Poof Mirror is right here.
False King: What?
False King: Where did you get that...?
Tama: We are inside my body.
Tama: Searching for an object is like\Ngoing through my pockets.
Tama: I've heard the Tapir are especially\Nskilled at mimicry.
Tama: You cannot defeat the Tapir if you\Nbelieve everything you see.
Tama: Everybody look closely.
Shinpachi: Th-This is...!
Shinpachi: The King... The King...!
GINTOKI: His nipples...are huge!
Shinpachi: Nobody cares! I swear!
Shinpachi: No! Wait a sec!
Shinpachi: The King's nipples ARE getting bigger!
Shinpachi: Yo** **o...
Shinpachi: This is... This is...!
False King: Not too shabby.
False King: Not too shabby.
False King: I never expected you to see\Nthrough this Tapir disguise!
GINTOKI: This is...
GINTOKI: Hey! Don't tell me this is a Tapir!
GINTOKI: He's just wearing a black bodysuit\Ninstead of a white one!
Shinpachi: This isn't the time for that!
False King: Exactly.
False King: but are too late.
False King: Even Mother...
False King: Even Prince Takeshi...
False King: The entire kingdom is in black bodysuits!
False King: You have no allies here!
False King: We will consume all!
False King: we will continue to consume!
Tama: The toothpicks.
Tama: Everyone take hold of your toothpicks!
Tama: Those toothpicks were specially\Nmade by Gengai-sama.
Tama: They take advantage of the Tapir's\Nnature to consume data
Tama: by sending large quantities\Nof data at high speeds!
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
Tama: And the data is rotten enough\Nto cause food poisoning.
Tama: their stomachs will not have enough\Ntime to digest the data
Tama: and they'll explode.
GINTOKI: That sounds just fine!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! There are too many!
Shinpachi: We can't deal with all of them!
Kagura: Hurry! This way!
Kagura: We need to retreat for now!
False King: Don't expect to escape!
False King: You're all going to die here!
False King: What are you...?!
False King: This is...!
Tama: Return the sword to the hero who\Nprotects me as no other can!
Shinpachi: That's...!
Shinpachi: The dog is...!
Shinpachi: Turning into a person...
False King: Y-You're...!
Tama: That is not a person.
Tama: That is...
Tama: The ultimate security program that\Nhas destroyed many viruses
Tama: and kept the peace in my body.
Tama: The one and only true...
Tama: Leukocyte King!
Shinpachi: Gi...
Shinpachi: Gin-san?!
Black: Were they there?
Black: Where'd they go?!
Black: Damn! Where did they go?
Black: Find them! Even if you have\Nto split nose hairs!
King: Looks like they're gone.
King: We should move at once.
King: I believe B-29 in the large\Nintestine would be safe.
King: That place is a maze.
King: Perfect for hiding out in.
Tama: We came to fight.
King: I cannot allow Lady Tama\Nnear those filthy viruses.
King: I can handle the fighting alone.
Tama: Leukocyte King.
Tama: This time we are up against\Nthe strongest virus ever.
Tama: The battle will not be as simple\Nas it has been in the past.
Tama: Even someone as accomplished as\Nyourself will have no chance alone.
Tama: We must work together and fight.
King: So you were the one who rewrote my\Nprogram and turned me into that dog.
King: You restricted my ability to act so I wouldn't\Nattempt to face them alone.
King: Is that correct?
Tama: Your death would be an inconvenience.
Tama: When the right time finally came...
King: What's your problem?
King: Keep that virus-infested face\Naway from Lady Tama.
King: You wanna get sterilized?
GINTOKI: I couldn't help but stare at\Nsuch a handsome face...
GINTOKI: Not!
GINTOKI: I don't recall ever having a Transform\Nspell cast on me.
GINTOKI: You've got nerve to do that embarrassing\Ncosplay with my face!
GINTOKI: You think you're Loto?!
GINTOKI: but I won't accept that!
Kagura: There are two Gin-chans.
Shinpachi: Why does that guy look like Gin-san?
Tama: I would assume that image\Nwas influenced by my mind.
Shinpachi: Meaning...?
Tama: is a reflection of the strongest\Nperson I know.
Tama: That would be the most\Naccurate conclusion.
GINTOKI: Hey!
Tama: Two of the strongest have\Nbeen assembled.
Tama: There is nothing to fear now.
GINTOKI: I see. So you're my...
King: Though the significant difference\Nin personality between us
King: suggests she doesn't think much\Nof what's in your head.
GINTOKI: What was that?!
King: You won't be able to protect Lady Tama\Nwith those virus-infested hands.
King: I shall be the one to defeat the Tapir.
King: There is no need for you to step in.
King: I am the only one who can\Nprotect Lady Tama.
Fiend: Is that so?
Fiend: The areas of greatest resistance\Nnow belong to our forces.
Fiend: The super science and technology poured\Ninto this robot meant nothing.
Fiend: Nothing can stop us now.
Black: Excellency!
Black: The third Tapir general was somehow\Ndestroyed in the Leukocyte Kingdom.
Black: there was an incredibly strong Leukocyte\Ndressed up like he was in Dragon Quest.
Black: Along with three human-like creatures\Ncarrying toothpicks
Black: and a pixel robot to fill out the party.
Black: Sir!
Fiend: Is it him?
 Name:  Text
King: That's Lady Tama's main system.
King: It's already been taken over by the viruses\Nand converted into their stronghold.
King: The brains behind the Tapir\Nand their extensive invasion
King: dwell inside-the Archfiend Tapir.
King: The progenitor of all the Tapir spreading\Nthroughout Lady Tama's body.
King: The king of the Tapir.
King: We won't be able to stop the Tapir\Ninvasion unless we destroy him.
King: To return peace to this world...
King: To save Lady Tama...
King: We must defeat him.
Tama: The Archfiend Tapir is like the\Nmain system for the Tapir.
Tama: Destroying him should render\Nthe Tapir powerless.
Shinpachi: The problem is how we're going\Nto reach the Archfiend Tapir.
Shinpachi: As you would expect of the\Nenemy's main base...
Shinpachi: Black bodysuits everywhere you look.
Kagura: And they all look stronger than\Nthe ones we've fought before.
Tama: This is the Archfiend Tapir's territory.
Tama: The place is swarming with the latest viruses\Ncreated by the Archfiend Tapir.
Tama: They won't be easy to defeat like before.
Tama: We'll need to come up with a plan.
GINTOKI: Come on now.
GINTOKI: Give me a break.
GINTOKI: Why slow down after coming this far?
GINTOKI: Those new viruses are just pseudo\NDQ characters that spawned from
GINTOKI: the virus eating her DQ-crazed brain.
GINTOKI: Like this guy.
GINTOKI: We don't need a plan to\Ndeal with these freaks.
GINTOKI: Just go on a rampage.
King: Wait!
King: Only the most foolish of fools\Nwould suggest "rampaging"
King: straight into the Archfiend\NTapir's stronghold!
King: A party with you as its leader would run\Nout of MP before reaching the Archfiend
King: and be forced to jot down a long resurrection\Nspell to even make it halfway there.
King: [Note: Parody of Dragon Quest III.]
King: What an idiot.
King: The party would be wiped out\Nif we followed your orders!
King: I am the hero who will save Lady Tama.
King: A Jester like you should go\Ngoof off in Luida's bar!
King: [Note: Parody of Jester class and Luida\Ncharacter from Dragon Quest III.]
GINTOKI: But the son of Bianca and I will\Nbecome the Heavenly Hero!
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Parody of "Dragon Quest V: Hand of the Heavenly Bride." Bianca is one of two women whom the player can choose for the hero to marry.]
GINTOKI: So I'm no ordinary Jester!
GINTOKI: I'm the Heavenly Jester!
King: It would be best to avoid combat
King: before we reach the Archfiend\Nand conserve our health.
King: Use herbs to heal.
King: We'll go with a "no magic" tactic.
GINTOKI: How can we defeat the Archfiend\Nwith such a conservative tactic?
GINTOKI: Are you an idiot?
GINTOKI: A stingy party led by you would\Ncarry so many herbs
GINTOKI: you wouldn't be able to open\Nany treasure chests
GINTOKI: and get wiped out with full MP before\Nyou even reach the Archfiend.
GINTOKI: We should all use "Firevolt"\Nexcept for Kiryl.
GINTOKI: [Note: Firevolt is a powerful spell.\NKiryl is a priest from Dragon Quest IV.]
Shinpachi: I've never heard of that tactic!
Shinpachi: Who's Kiryl?!
GINTOKI: Kiryl is the Shinpachi-like character\Nthat stupidly casts Defeat
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: The Defeat spell one-hit kills enemies. Useless on bosses. Kiryl (aka Cristo) tried this spell on Archfiend in Dragon Quest IV.]
GINTOKI: on the Archfiend if you leave\Nhim to his own devices.
GINTOKI: It's better to keep him silenced.
Shinpachi: Are you trying to say I'm useless?
King: You don't even know how to use\NKiryl properly? Laughable.
King: It appears that you are unqualified\Nto lead this party.
GINTOKI: Shut up.
GINTOKI: Wanna live a gloomy life badmouthing\Nthe best members behind their backs?
Shinpachi: There they go again.
Shinpachi: The two of them are hopeless.
Tama: Understood.
Tama: Then we'll compromise and go with "Keep\Neveryone except Kiryl healed up."
Shinpachi: You want Kiryl to die?!
Shinpachi: Was that directed at me?!
Shinpachi: Am I that useless?!
GINTOKI: Whatever then. We'll go with that.
GINTOKI: Firevolt Kiryl.
Shinpachi: Why are you being mean to Kiryl?!
Shinpachi: You're attacking Kiryl now!!
King: Whatever then.
King: I'll settle for "no Kiryl."
Kagura: This will never end if we leave\Nit to the stupid heroes.
Kagura: I'll go draw them out.
Kagura: The rest of you head for the castle.
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Shinpachi: She's the real hero here!
Shinpachi: That was damn ballsy!
Shinpachi: Way cooler than some\Nother people I know!
GINTOKI: Stop wasting time!
GINTOKI: This is our only chance!
GINTOKI: Let's go!
King: Wait!
King: The lead position is reserved\Nfor the hero!
King: I am the hero who will save Lady Tama!
GINTOKI: The party will be wiped out with\Na psycho like you in the lead!
GINTOKI: I'll do it!
King: A Jester should be getting\Na puff-puff in Ashalam!
King: [Note: In Dragon Quest III a woman in Ashalam town\Ngives a "Puff-puff" (wiggles her boobs) service.]
King: I am the leader of this party!
GINTOKI: Don't mess with me!
GINTOKI: [Note: Main character from the first\Nthree Dragon Quest games.]
GINTOKI: This is the age of the Heavenly Hero!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: What are the two of you doing?!
Shinpachi: We don't have time for this!
GINTOKI: Did you just cast Defeat?!
Shinpachi: What's wrong with the two of them?
Shinpachi: They have the exact same face\Nyet they can't get along at all.
Shinpachi: They hate each other's guts.
Shinpachi: Forget about being the strongest combo!
Shinpachi: They're the worst possible combo!
Tama: leaving you with something that\Ntastes absolutely horrible.
Tama: I may have made a terrible\Nmiscalculation.
Shinpachi: That's a fatal error!
Shinpachi: You brought the two of them together\Nwithout even thinking it through?!
Shinpachi: Crap! The enemy spotted us!
Shinpachi: Quick! Run away!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Leukocyte King!
King: Do not touch me with your\Nvirus-infested hands!
GINTOKI: Is that all a hero can do?
GINTOKI: Forget Kandar...
GINTOKI: [Note: Boss from Dragon Quest III.]
GINTOKI: You can't even defeat a single slime.
GINTOKI: [Note: Slime is the weakest\Nmonster in Dragon Quest.]
GINTOKI: Now it's my turn!
GINTOKI: Take this!
King: Is that all you're capable of?
King: Forget slimes...
King: and you'll already be a corpse.
King: Behold the power of the hero!
GINTOKI: Can't touch me!
King: Not yet...
King: Not yet!
GINTOKI: What?!
King: What are you trying to hit?!
GINTOKI: Now for the finish!
Shinpachi: What are they doing?!
Shinpachi: This is crazy!
Tama: The army of viruses are being\Nwiped out by their fighting.
Tama: I didn't make a mistake.
Tama: Those two are the strongest...
Shinpachi: That's...
Shinpachi: Their attacks are melding...
Shinpachi: This is...
Shinpachi: That light is...
Gengai: Hey now.
Gengai: Are those guys okay?
Shinpachi: Who's the strongest duo again?
Shinpachi: Those two are obviously
Shinpachi: not meant to be mixed together.
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of warning label on detergents.]
Kagura: It was a mistake to pair them together.
Kagura: You know how they say you'll die\Nif you run into your doppelganger.
Tama: But they were able to do significant\Ndamage to the virus army
Tama: and we have managed\Nto infiltrate the castle.
Tama: It's as I planned.
Shinpachi: Liar!
Shinpachi: This is like reaching the boss with\Nyour HP and MP in single digits!
Shinpachi: The window is all red!
Shinpachi: What are we supposed to do?!
King: Don't worry.
Last boss: Show me everything you've got.
Last boss: I'll kill you slowly.
King: ...say stuff like that.
King: Often restoring all your HP and MP.
King: We'll count on that.
Shinpachi: Why are you depending\Non the final boss?!
Shinpachi: There aren't any save points\Nor resurrection spells.
Shinpachi: Die once and it's over.
Shinpachi: Could you please stop fighting?
Shinpachi: This isn't the time to be\Nhurting one another.
King: Are you scared of dying?
King: Go ahead and turn tail and go home.
King: I can handle this myself.
Kagura: Hey!
Kagura: Why do you have to be so abrasive?
Kagura: Gin-chan and you...
Kagura: It isn't just your appearance.
Kagura: All of us have been protecting Tama\Non the outside and the inside.
Kagura: Why do you refuse to cooperate?
Kagura: Don't you care if Tama breaks down?!
King: That's why I'm telling you to leave!
King: You all came here to save Lady Tama.
King: I know you all care deeply\Nfor Lady Tama.
King: But because you feel that way...
King: it means there are also other things
King: you strive to protect.
King: Things and people on the outside...
King: I'm different.
King: I was made for the sole purpose\Nof protecting Lady Tama.
King: I live to protect Lady Tama.
King: I don't care about what happens\Nto anyone besides Lady Tama.
King: I have no interest in anyone\Nbut Lady Tama.
Shinpachi: Looks like you're interested in something\Nelse besides Lady Tama!
Kagura: Why are you getting greedy and falling\Nfor such a cheap booby trap?
King: D-Do you understand now?
King: I'll have no trouble protecting\NLady Tama by myself.
Shinpachi: It sure doesn't look that way.
Shinpachi: You look hopelessly unreliable!
King: I-I've been through more ordeals\Nthan the lot of you.
Shinpachi: Your whole life must have\Nbeen an ordeal.
Shinpachi: It doesn't matter how many lives you have\Nif you keep falling for these cheap traps.
King: Leave if you understand!
Shinpachi: You've got one heck of an iron grip.
King: Leave after you've dealt with this!
King: Damn nuisances!
King: I am the only hero needed\Nto protect Lady Tama!
Tama: Isn't he just like you?
Tama: He has difficulty expressing himself...
Tama: He's antagonistic...
Tama: He's all based on you.
GINTOKI: You see me as such a\Nshameless person?
Tama: he evolved into someone\Nmore human than I was.
Tama: That is why I could not stand by
Tama: and watch him die alone.
Tama: You should be able to understand...
Tama: Why he keeps telling you to\Nleave so he can go alone...
Tama: Why he acts so hostile...
GINTOKI: Did you bring the two of us together so...
GINTOKI: Hey! Your body's...
Tama: It appears... that the... Tapir...\Nhave reached...
Tama: the backup system... that\Ncreated this copy...
Tama: There is... no time...
Tama: Will you... listen... to my... final request?
Tama: It will... probably be... impossible\Nto... recover my... system...
Tama: The Tapir... are already... deep... inside...
Tama: At this... rate...
Tama: he won't... be able... to survive...
Tama: Forget... about... me...
Tama: At least try... to free... him...\Nfrom this... place...
Tama: My fr...d... who has... protected\Nme... for so... long...
Tama: Protect... my oth...r... friend...
GINTOKI: Tama...
GINTOKI: he would never want that.
GINTOKI: And I won't let anybody die.
GINTOKI: Not your friends
GINTOKI: and not mine.
GINTOKI: Yo.
GINTOKI: I've always wanted to ask something.
GINTOKI: How does the Archfiend feel when\Na level 99 Hero comes for him?
GINTOKI: Does he feel like turning\Ntail and running?
GINTOKI: Or does he try leveling himself up?
King: There's a high chance you'll run\Ninto Liquid Metal Slimes viruses.
King: [Note: A Dragon Quest monster.]
King: Except I'm level 100.
GINTOKI: I'm actually level 101.
Fiend: This world has already fallen under\Nthe absolute control of the Tapir.
Fiend: You cannot change anything.
Fiend: It's all over.
Fiend: Can you not comprehend that?
King: It's not over.
King: One last security measure remains.
King: this world will continue to exist after all\Nthe systems have been knocked out!
King: I will protect Lady Tama!
Fiend: You truly believe you can defeat\Nme and save this world?
Fiend: Leukocyte King...
Fiend: I guarantee it.
Fiend: You cannot defeat me.
Fiend: Because you have fought to protect\Nthis world for so long...
Fiend: You cannot defeat me.
Shinpachi: Th-That's...
King: I-Impossible...
King: It's...
King: Lady Tama!
Shinpachi: Wh-Wh-
Shinpachi: What the...?!
Shinpachi: Why is Tama-san here?!
Shinpachi: Why is Tama-san the Archfiend?!
King: D-Damn you!
King: You've assumed Lady Tama's\Nappearance to confuse me!
King: I won't fall for such a cheap trick!
Shinpachi: Leukocyte King!
King: I-I can't control my body...
King: I can't get near him...
Fiend: As I said...
Fiend: The systems of this world\Nare under our control.
Fiend: This is no disguise.
Fiend: This is my true form.
Fiend: This body now belongs to me.
Fiend: You are trying to fight against
Fiend: the person you have been protecting.
Fiend: you cannot defy me.
King: So my body recognizes\Nyou as Lady Tama
King: and refuses to attack?
King: Impossible...
King: How could this...?
Fiend: Defeating me will destroy this world.
Fiend: There is nothing left for you to protect.
Fiend: Will you still try to defeat me?
Fiend: Will you still try to destroy the virus even\Nif it means destroying this body?
Fiend: Can you kill Tama?
Fiend: Firebane!!
Fiend: [Note:  A spell from Dragon Quest.]
Shinpachi: We are left with no options\Nas we face the
Shinpachi: overwhelming power of\Nthe Archfiend Tapir...
Shinpachi: Our last hope lies in those two!
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: Tama Quest IV: And Into the Legend...
GINTOKI: {\an7}[Note: Parody of Dragon\NQuest III subtitle.]
Shinpachi: [The power of the Archfiend Tapir\Nsends everyone back to dots.]
 Name:  Text
Fiend: As I said...
Fiend: The systems of this world\Nare under our control.
Fiend: Defeating me will destroy this world.
Fiend: Will you still attempt to defeat me?
Fiend: Can you kill Tama?
Fiend: Firebane!!
Fiend: Wait! Hold on! Time-out!
Fiend: Weren't you listening to what\NI was saying?! Open!
GINTOKI: Huh? Something about offering\Nus half of the world?
GINTOKI: Forget it. Too much of a hassle.
Fiend: Wouldn't that be the Dragonlord?
Fiend: He didn't listen to a single word I said.
GINTOKI: The Archfiend always talks too much.
GINTOKI: I usually just skim through.
King: What do you think you're doing?!
King: Any damage to the Archfiend Tapir\Nwill mean damage to Lady Tama!
King: Aren't you capable of exercising discretion?!
Shinpachi: The Archfiend is completely beat-up?!
GINTOKI: What do you think you're doing?!
GINTOKI: Get out of my way. Scram!
King: You scram!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: What are you doing in\Nfront of the Archfiend?!
Fiend: Curse you...
Fiend: So you do not care if this\Nbody is destroyed?
Fiend: Heartless bastards...
Fiend: And you call yourself heroes?!
Shinpachi: Like the Archfiend's in\Nany position to talk!
Fiend: I can now see that you are big douches.
Fiend: But will you be able to continue\Nafter seeing this?
Fiend: fell into the anus during\Nhis battle with me
Fiend: and lost his life.
Fiend: But what would you do if\NFortega were still alive?
Fiend: What would you do if he still lived in pain\Nwithin me after being consumed?
King: It can't be...
King: You couldn't have...
Fiend: My son...
King: Father!
Fiend: You move too fast!
Fiend: I didn't even get a chance\Nto reveal his father's face!
Fiend: I was still talking!
Fiend: And why is everybody\Nhitting me this time?!
Kagura: We don't feel a thing when you\Nuse the "I'm your father" setting.
Fiend: Don't you people have any respect for this\Ntragic meeting between father and son?!
GINTOKI: Nobody uses "the last boss is\Nyour father" twist anymore.
GINTOKI: Come up with something better.
Fiend: Curses!
Fiend: I pulled the plug and we lost our\Nconnection to the system!
Shinpachi: Plug?!
Shinpachi: You people were controlling the system\Nwith such a half-assed method?!
King: This is it!
King: we can defeat the Archfiend Tapir\Nwithout harming Lady Tama!
King: This is our only chance!
King: Let's go!
Fiend: Your cheap appliance store security\Nmeasures can't possibly defeat me
Fiend: after I've consumed high-level technology\Nand undergone an extreme evolution!
Fiend: I can no longer be considered a virus.
Fiend: I have transcended human\Nunderstanding...
Fiend: Yes...
Fiend: A god!
Fiend: A being you humans cannot cope with...
Fiend: A perfect being known as a god!
GINTOKI: A god...?
GINTOKI: God schmod.
GINTOKI: You're supposed to be fighting\Nit out with some
GINTOKI: This isn't where you belong.
Shinpachi: Get the hell outta Tama-san.
Kagura: We won't allow you to contaminate\Nour friend any further.
GINTOKI: This will be the last clean-up job!
Shinpachi: Yeah!
Kagura: Huh?
Kagura: My body won't move the way I want it to.
Kagura: Huh? Huh?
GINTOKI: What's with Kagura?!
Shinpachi: Wh-Wh-Why?!
Shinpachi: Why did Kagura-chan turn into pixels?!
GINTOKI: Wh-What's going on here?
GINTOKI: Don't tell me Kagura got\Ninfected by the virus?
GINTOKI: That can't be it...
GINTOKI: How could a human being be\Ninfected by a computer virus...
Archfiend: As I said...
Archfiend: I am no longer a pathetic computer virus!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! You okay?!
Shinpachi: Somehow...
Shinpachi: Shrunk
Shinpachi: down...
Shinpachi: M-M-My legs are short!
GINTOKI: Looks like you're okay.
Shinpachi: Like hell I am!
Shinpachi: My body's over here!
Shinpachi: And my legs are like this!
Shinpachi: Why was my transformation\Nso half-assed?!
Shinpachi: I'd take a full body change over this!
GINTOKI: Huh? Something changed?
GINTOKI: Didn't your body always\Nlook like a Guntank?
GINTOKI: [Note: Guntank is a weapon from\Nthe anime series Gundam.]
Shinpachi: Who are you calling a Guntank?!
Kagura: G-Gin-chan...
Kagura: It's like... my body's like stone...\NI can't move...
Shinpachi: What is this?
Shinpachi: The pixels are advancing!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
Kagura: Help... Gin-chan...
GINTOKI: Kagura!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! Do something!
GINTOKI: Shintank!
Shinpachi: Who's that supposed to be?!
Kagura: Gin-chan...
Shinpachi: M-My body is...
King: Why are you standing around?
King: Do you want to die?
GINTOKI: They're...
King: It's no use.
King: They've been completely pixilated.
King: We need to retreat for now!
GINTOKI: Kagura! Shintank!
Fiend: I won't let you get away!
King: It appears that he wasn't lying about having\Nmore power than a normal virus.
King: which affect human beings\Nin addition to us programs.
GINTOKI: You've gotta be kidding.
GINTOKI: but I've never heard of anyone getting\Ninfected by a computer virus!
King: It appears that you're running out of time.
King: Your entire body will eventually\Nbecome pixels.
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: Why is enemy fire always\Nconcentrated here?!
GINTOKI: Because I haven't used\Nit for a long time?!
GINTOKI: You upset?!
GINTOKI: Is my penis going to get better?!
GINTOKI: Will Shinpachi and Kagura\Never recover?!
King: Just stay there.
King: I'll handle the rest.
King: You and your friends...
GINTOKI: Hey! Wait!
King: I told you to stay there.
King: Who's going to protect\NLady Tama if you die?
King: How sad do you think Lady Tama\Nwill be if you die here?
King: I was created for the sole purpose\Nof protecting Lady Tama.
King: I have nothing else to protect.
King: I am merely your substitute.
King: I should be the only one who\Nhas to die for Lady Tama!
Tama: Forget...about...me...
Tama: At least try...to release...\Nhim...from this...place...
GINTOKI: Tama said the same thing to me.
GINTOKI: She told me to forget about\Nher and protect you.
GINTOKI: To release you from this place.
GINTOKI: you would never want that.
GINTOKI: Guess I overestimated you.
GINTOKI: You're dumping what's important off on\Nsomeone else and stepping down?
King: I am your copy.
GINTOKI: I don't remember having\Nsuch a pathetic copy.
GINTOKI: You wouldn't have a chance\Nof taking my place.
GINTOKI: And I absolutely refuse to take yours.
GINTOKI: Nobody can take anybody's place.
GINTOKI: There isn't a person in this world\Nthat could take your place.
GINTOKI: It doesn't matter if you were based\Non me or have the same face.
GINTOKI: You're someone who's always\Nbeen there for her...
GINTOKI: never talk about dying again.
GINTOKI: Never call yourself a substitute again.
GINTOKI: I'm done fighting with you.
King: I have no interested in fermented juice.
King: [Note: Delicious Water from Rokkou is a brand\Nname of mineral water from House Foods.]
King: Got it?
King: Lady Tama won't be his only victim.
King: The viruses will invade your entire world.
King: We have no time.
King: We have to stop him before your\Nentire body turns into pixels!
King: The two of us will end\Nthis once and for all!
Fiend: Foolish brats...
Fiend: I see you're finally ready to die.
Fiend: This will be the end for all.
Fiend: All shall be darkened by me.
Fiend: and everything shall be crushed in black!
King: We shall see if white or black survives!
GINTOKI: Time to settle this once and for all!
Fiend: Return to the sea of pixels!
Both: Let's go!
GINTOKI: Release all of your power!
King: Put everything
Both: into this single blow!
Both: Go!
Fiend: What?! They stopped my wave?!
Fiend: Curse you!
Fiend: Are you contesting me?!
Fiend: Crafty bastards!
Fiend: I'll crush you and your impertinent wave!
King: My body is turning into pixels...
Fiend: I cannot be stopped!
Fiend: Nobody can stop me!
GINTOKI: We won't last long against this.
King: Go.
GINTOKI: What?
King: I'll hold him back.
King: He should be defenseless right now.
King: This is our only chance to defeat him!
King: I have a plan.
King: And I can't move with my legs like this.
King: You're the only one who\Ncan reach him now.
King: Hurry it up!
King: While you can still move!
GINTOKI: Bastard...
GINTOKI: You better not have forgotten our promise.
King: Do not worry.
King: He cannot hurt me.
King: Who do you think I am?!
King: Gintoki Sakata.
King: A man based off you.
King: Brother...
King: Friend...
King: I earned many titles for a mere copy...
King: I cannot lose sight of my role...my duty...
King: it is to protect you.
King: but grant me the right to die for a friend...
King: To die for my brother!
Fiend: Impossible...
Fiend: His power is surging..
Fiend: How does he have so much power left?!
King: I have plenty of power left...
King: My very life...
Fiend: C-Could you be releasing\Nall of your life energy?
Fiend: Impossible!
Fiend: You'll...!
King: You think you damn viruses
King: can defeat the Leukocyte King?
King: Defeat...
King: Gintoki Sakata?! Never!
King: Sorry I couldn't keep my promise...
King: I'm irresponsible by default.
King: I got that from you.
GINTOKI: Looks like it.
GINTOKI: I broke my promise to Tama.
King: It's extremely regrettable.
King: I never expected to become\Na piece of junk.
King: I was an excellent security measure\Nbefore you all came.
King: A hero guarding the princess.
King: I would have been happy to throw\Nmy life away to protect Lady Tama.
King: And yet I gave my life to save this stupid\Nparty instead of the princess...
King: But now...
King: I want to live a little longer...
King: I wouldn't have minded a little more adventuring\Nwith Lady Tama and the lot of you...
Shinpachi: Leukocyte King-san...
King: For such words to come out of\Nan easily replaced substitute...
King: It's all your fault...
King: It appears that I've completely\Nbroken down.
GINTOKI: You haven't broken down.
GINTOKI: You're no substitute.
GINTOKI: You're a much better guy than I am.
GINTOKI: You protected what you needed to.
GINTOKI: I don't just mean Tama.
GINTOKI: You also protected our lives.
GINTOKI: So don't die.
GINTOKI: Don't die for your friends.
King: Lady Tama will be fine with\Nyou people around.
Tama: Thank you for protecting the\NLeukocyte King all this time.
Shinpachi: It's Tama-san! Tama-san's voice!
Kagura: It's Tama. Are you okay now?
Kagura: Where are you? Where are you at?
Tama: Here. Over here.
Tama: Here. I'm right here.
Kagura: Tiny!
King: L-Lady Tama...
Tama: but I was able to send a pixel copy over.
Tama: Now it is my turn to save you.
Tama: I shall enter the Leukocyte King's\Nbody and repair him.
King: L-Lady Tama...
Kagura: We're coming along then.
Kagura: We owe the Moshasu Gin-chan.
Kagura: [Note: Moshasu is a spell from Dragon Quest\Nto transform one of the characters in the party.]
Shinpachi: We're too big to enter...
Gengai: I knew you'd say that.
Gengai: That's why I brought the magic mallet Z.
Gengai: Okay! Line up if you want to be shrunk!
Gengai: I'll smash you all good!
King: Th-They're...
GINTOKI: There you have it.
GINTOKI: Your life is no longer\Nyours to throw away.
GINTOKI: You're more than someone\Nwho protects Tama.
GINTOKI: All the protecting you've done has led to\Npeople who will protect you in return.
GINTOKI: All squirmy-like...
GINTOKI: Just like a white blood cell.
King: I just had to be the copy\Nof such a difficult man.
King: What would you do in this situation?
GINTOKI: Smile.
WhiteA: Enemy spotted.
WhiteA: An unidentified new virus.
WhiteA: An extremely large army is\Nadvancing on our position!
WhiteB: Unbelievable...
WhiteB: And we haven't recovered from\Nthe Tapir invasion yet...
WhiteB: Will we be able to fight them off\Nwith our meager numbers?
King: What is there to fear?
King: there are others who carry\Nthe same will and fight.
King: Even an army one million strong
King: cannot darken this white!
King: Tally ho!
GINTOKI: It could happen to anyone...
GINTOKI: Even to an animated character...
GINTOKI: ["You Don't Know What You've Got Till It's Gone"]
GINTOKI: all people have a chance of going bald.
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Next week's episode is a two-parter. The other part is "You'll Get Sued If All You Do is Copy Others."]
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Two cat burglars break into Odd Jobs followed by tons of unexpected visitors.]
 Name:  Text
Matsuda: Commander.
Nanba: What is it?
Matsuda: Will this be our target?
Nanba: You've got it.
Matsuda: But how could such a house...
Matsuda: Meaning...?
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: Is that how it works?
Matsuda: This is such a drag.
Matsuda: Why Ramba Ral?
Matsuda: but don't drag me into it...
Nanba: Got a problem?
Matsuda: N-No...
Nanba: Then get to work!
Nanba: We'll finish this in five minutes!
Matsuda: Sir!
Matsuda: Ouch...
Matsuda: Huh? Ral-sama?
Matsuda: Huh? That's weird...
Matsuda: Nanba-san...
Nanba: What was the meaning of that?!
Nanba: Don't underestimate the battlefield!
Nanba: You almost gave me a scare\Nfor a moment there!
Matsuda: This guy's shaking in his boots.
Matsuda: [Note: Parody of Jean's line in the anime\Nseries "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: [Note: Clamp is vice-chief in Ramba Ral's unit\Nin the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: It's Matsuda...
Nanba: You're being too careless.
Matsuda: R-Right...
Nanba: Recite them!
Matsuda: Huh?
Nanba: I'm telling you to recite the\Nthree principles I taught you!
Matsuda: F-Forgive me...
Matsuda: Uh...
Nanba: First!
Nanba: Second!
Nanba: Never touch anything that\Nisn't worth any money!
Nanba: And last of all!
Matsuda: You must conceal your identity.
Nanba: That's right.
Nanba: I have been able to survive on this battlefield\Nby following these three principles!
Nanba: Never forget them!
Matsuda: Sir!
Matsuda: Understood!
Nanba: That's good.
Nanba: Let's begin!
Matsuda: There we are...
Nanba: [Note: Acous is an officer in Ramba Ral's unit\Nin the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: Somebody's coming!
Nanba: Hide!
Tama: Sakata-san.
Matsuda: Is the owner back?
Nanba: I'm not sure.
Nanba: But our only option right\Nnow is to wait and see.
Tama: Sakata-san!
Tama: Sakata-san?
Tama: Useless Sakata-san?
Nanba: Is the Federation mobile\Nsuit a m-monster?!
Nanba: [Note: Famous line by Char Aznable from\Nthe anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: Bring it on...
Matsuda: Even Lieutenant Commander Char...
Matsuda: [Note: Char Aznable from the anime\Nseries "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Tama: I've come to collect the rent.
Tama: Four life forms detected.
Tama: I shall return later.
Nanba: She escaped?
Nanba: Or should I say that she let us escape...
Nanba: That woman...
Matsuda: Is something wrong?
Nanba: I'm bothered by what she just said.
Matsuda: Huh?
Nanba: She said there were four\Nlife forms in this room.
Nanba: Assuming that the first is... We can forget it.
Matsuda: The second would be Ral-sama.
Matsuda: The third would be myself.
Nanba: There's one extra!
Matsuda: What is this?
Matsuda: Is this the new Federation weapon?
Matsuda: [Note: Parody of the anime series\N"Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: Since it's white...
Matsuda: [Note: Gundam is also white.]
Nanba: It's a dog.
Nanba: Its size is not important right now!
Nanba: Don't worry.
Nanba: I prepared a little something\Nfor dealing with watchdogs.
Nanba: Here it is!
Matsuda: Th-That's...
Nanba: It's a yummy cracker.
Nanba: Now be a good boy...
Nanba: [Note: Cozun is an officer in Ramba Ral's unit\Nin the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: It's Matsuda...
Matsuda: And I'm definitely not okay...
Nanba: I was careless...
Matsuda: Can we go home now?
Nanba: Reinforcements?!
Matsuda: Please don't notice us...
Hasegawa: Gin-san...
Nanba: What? He's taking somebody else's food!
Nanba: I-Impossible!
Nanba: He's using someone else's\Nhouse like it's his own?!
Nanba: [Note: Stetch is a corporal in Ramba Ral's unit\Nin the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: It's Matsuda.
Nanba: It would be difficult to imitate\Nhis hopelessness.
Matsuda: Let's retreat...
Katsura: What are you doing here?
Katsura: I see.
Katsura: Is Gintoki around by any chance?
Katsura: I see.
Katsura: Then I have no choice...
Matsuda: We haven't said anything yet!
Katsura: Incidentally...
Katsura: Who are you people?
Nanba: What are you talking about?
Nanba: It must be your imagination.
Katsura: That voice...
Nanba: Hmm? Is there something on my face?
Matsuda: It's just your imagination.
Katsura: That's it! I know!
Katsura: That voice is definitely...
Katsura: Mi**** Mouse!
Katsura: [Note: Parody of "Mickey". Disney strictly\Nenforces copyright laws in Japan as well.]
Katsura: Or his voice.
Katsura: And that one is Do**ld.
Katsura: [Note: Parody of "Donald Duck". Disney strictly\Nenforces copyright laws in Japan as well.]
Matsuda: There are so many things\NI could say in return!
Matsuda: I can see time itself!
Matsuda: [Note: Parody of a famous line by Lalah Sune from\Nthe anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: [Note: Zeygan is a member in Ramba Ral's unit\Nin the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: It's Matsuda.
Nanba: He's living in a dream land.
Nanba: We will carry out our mission with\Nour bare hands if we must!
Katsura: I'm Kotaro Katsura!
Katsura: Nice to meetcha!
Matsuda: It's no good.
Matsuda: He's already got his mind set.
Matsuda: A real screwball.
Katsura: ***key and friends...
Katsura: Just the thought is lifting my spirits.
Matsuda: What's wrong with this house?
Matsuda: Only freaks are showing up.
Nanba: You don't say...
Nanba: Times have changed.
Nanba: These people are beyond\Nour comprehension...
Nanba: A tough bunch...
Nanba: However...
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: You're able to speak your mind.
Katsura: What? Don't tell me...
Katsura: Are you serious?
Nanba: We happen to be short on hands.
Katsura: I am so grateful!
Katsura: Then let us...
Nanba: Eek!
[Note: ["Welcome home."]
Katsura: Guess what?
GINTOKI: And who are those guys?
Matsuda: It's Matsuda.
Nanba: You've got good eyes.
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: And you've got guts.
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: I really like you.
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Matsuda: That's Ral-sama for you.
Matsuda: He's changing the subject without actually saying\Nanything so he can confuse us!
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: I'll be imposing.
Nanba: I'm sure you can support it.
Sacchan: Gin-san! Those people are burglars!
Nanba: But you didn't win on your own.
Nanba: [Note: Parody of Ramba Ral's line in the\Nanime series "Mobile Suit Gundam".]
Nanba: You won thanks to that stalker of yours...
GINTOKI: Everybody get the hell out!
Katsura: Mi**** *****!
GINTOKI: Huh? Who?
GINTOKI: I definitely drank too much...
GINTOKI: My head's killing me...
GINTOKI: Fine. I'll wake up.
GINTOKI: I get it.
GINTOKI: I'll take a bath to get the alcohol\Nout of my system.
GINTOKI: I feel so much better...
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: No way at all.
GINTOKI: I have more hair than\Nthe average person.
GINTOKI: I have so much hair that I ask\Nthe barber to thin it for me.
GINTOKI: Must be my imagination.
GINTOKI: It's possible that I was pulling out my\Nhair when I was drunk last night...
GINTOKI: Wha... Wha...
GINTOKI: Wha...
GINTOKI: What the hell?!
GINTOKI: Something's funny here.\NWhat's going on here?!
GINTOKI: Definitely not right here.\NWhat the hell is this here?!
Kagura: Enough with the here hear {\i1}hair!
Kagura: Is that some kind of That That scam?
GINTOKI: This here is weird. This here is bad!
Kagura: What's here?
GINTOKI: Right here!
GINTOKI: Huh? Kagura-chan?
GINTOKI: Your head...
Kagura: What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: What the hell?!
GINTOKI: Those buns were hiding\Nsuch a horrific secret?!
Kagura: They fell off the other morning.
GINTOKI: That must be from your dad.
Kagura: Now you've switched to the that {\i1}dat{\i0} that.
Kagura: [Note: Parody of "Ore Ore scam".]
Kagura: Is that a different scam?
GINTOKI: Shouldn't that there have something\Nto do with your dad there?
Kagura: Good grief.
Kagura: Now you've switched to\Nthe that there bare.
Kagura: The that there scam?
Kagura: You can't fool this old lady by\Nchanging a few words around!
GINTOKI: This isn't a scam!
Kagura: Keep pretending to be my son.
Kagura: But this mother knows the truth!
Kagura: You damn imposter!
Kagura: Reveal your true identity!
GINTOKI: Stop it!
GINTOKI: Now is the wrong time! Seriously! Stop!
Shinpachi: Good morning.
GINTOKI: Shinpachi! Perfect timing!
Shinpachi: What's going on at such an early hour?
GINTOKI: Me and Kagura's {\i1}hair...
GINTOKI: Ow...
Shinpachi: What's that?
Shinpachi: You and Kagura-chan are {\i1}here.
GINTOKI: That's not what I mean!
GINTOKI: I'm losing my {\i1}hair!
Shinpachi: What?
Shinpachi: You're losing your {\i1}hearing?
Kagura: You're pretending to lose\Nyour hearing now?!
Kagura: You're going to scam medical\Nexpenses from us!
GINTOKI: Goddamn it!
GINTOKI: Cut it out already!
Kagura: You can threaten me all you want!\NThis mom won't send any money!
Shinpachi: I'll go make some tea.
Shinpachi: Yes?
Shinpachi: Wha...?!
Shinpachi: Wha... Wha...
Shinpachi: What the hell?!
GINTOKI: And there you have it.
GINTOKI: So we're holding an emergency\NOdd Jobs meeting.
Shinpachi: Yes!
Shinpachi: Something's wrong here!
Shinpachi: How could we all go bald together...
Shinpachi: There must be a reason for this?
GINTOKI: Don't use any words that directly\Nrefer to the condition.
GINTOKI: This is a delicate issue.
GINTOKI: Try to be more subtle.
Shinpachi: Okay...
Shinpachi: There must a reason for this.
Shinpachi: We should start by looking\Nfor the cause...
Shinpachi: Why?
GINTOKI: We can figure that out later.
GINTOKI: There is one thing we must do right now!
Kagura: Ooh! Ooh!
Kagura: Gin-chan! Leave it to me!
GINTOKI: Is this the time to be laughing\Nat other people?!
GINTOKI: Didn't you look in the mirror?!
GINTOKI: You look like Buffaloman\Nwithout the horns!
GINTOKI: [Note: One of the characters from\NKinnikuman (Ultimate Muscle)]
Kagura: And you look like a half-assed Atlantis!
Kagura: [Note: One of the characters from\NKinnikuman (Ultimate Muscle)]
GINTOKI: That's fine!
GINTOKI: Atlantis is way stronger\Nthan Robin Mask!
GINTOKI: [Note: One of the characters from\NKinnikuman (Ultimate Muscle)]
Kagura: [Note: Akuma Choujin are a group of characters\Nfrom Kinnikuman (Ultimate Muscle)]
Kagura: Buffaloman is the only Akuma Choujin\Nthat isn't a side character!
GINTOKI: [Note: Shinobazu Pond is a pond located\Nin Ueno Park in Tokyo.]
GINTOKI: Launch these buns into Shinobazu Pond.
Kagura: Stop that!
Shinpachi: Why are the two of you fighting\Namongst yourselves?!
Shinpachi: And leave the Akuma Choujin out of this!
Shinpachi: Weren't we going to work together\Nto find a solution?!
Shinpachi: Stop calling me Patchy!
Shinpachi: It hurts my feelings!
Kagura: What's this?
GINTOKI: One of the great tools of our civilization\Nthat your father probably used as well.
Shinpachi: A scalp massage brush.
Shinpachi: It stimulates the scalp to\Nincrease hair growth.
GINTOKI: We'll slowly tap our hair back.
GINTOKI: Let's give it a go.
All: Ready and...
All: We're tapping our hair away!
GINTOKI: What the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: The impact from each tap is\Nmaking more hair fall out!
GINTOKI: This isn't stimulation!
GINTOKI: This isn't hair growth!
Shinpachi: This is bad.
Shinpachi: At this rate...
Shinpachi: We'll end up like this...
Shinpachi: Isn't that bad for the main character\Nof a JUMP anime series?
Kagura: Your hair makes you look\Nlike a side character.
Kagura: We're all going to end up\Nlike Krillin soon enough!
Kagura: [Note: Bald headed character from Dragon Ball.]
Kagura: There's no future for an anime where you can't distinguish\Nbetween characters by their silhouettes.
GINTOKI: An anime where everybody\Nhas the same hairstyle.
Kagura: You might want to get off\Nyour high horse there.
Shinpachi: What's wrong with Krillin?!
Shinpachi: He can use the Destructo Disk!
Shinpachi: [Note: Krillin's technique.]
Shinpachi: Vegeta was so worried that he yelled\Nat Nappa to get out of the way!
Shinpachi: [Note: Vegeta and Nappa are both\Ncharacters from Dragon Ball.]
Kagura: [Note: Madara (Patchy)+ Krillin]
Shinpachi: What's with that half-assed name?!
Kagura: That's why it's perfect for Shinpachi.
Shinpachi: {\a6}You're really... You're really\Nhurting my feelings...
GINTOKI: Think of something.
Shinpachi: Just forget it!
Shinpachi: Let's all go bald together!
Shinpachi: You'll be free to choose\Nyour own hairstyle then!
Kagura: What do you mean?
Shinpachi: That should be obvious.
Shinpachi: You just have to wear it.
GINTOKI: Like this?
Kagura: Woo-hoo!
Kagura: I look so cute!
Kagura: Zip it.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Hold on!
Shinpachi: Why am I the only one stuck with\Nthat Ultimate Muscle crap?!
GINTOKI: Weak. Too weak.
GINTOKI: Wigs don't come that cheap.
Kagura: Huh?
GINTOKI: and requires constant maintenance.
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Tomoaki Ogura (Announcer) and Kimimaro Ayanokoji (Comedian) and Pancha Ito(Baseball commentator).]
Kagura: Really?
Kagura: That's setting the bar high.
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shinpachi: We have to do something\Nabout this hair now!
Shinpachi: If we let it grow in a spiral\Nlike this for three years...
Kagura: You're so greedy.
Kagura: Don't get so worked up about showing\Noff what little hair you have left.
Kagura: This granny hates rotten people like you!
Kagura: Kids should shut up and get a buzz cut!
Kagura: [Note: Patchy + Luxe(hair styling line)]
Shinpachi: Please stop!
GINTOKI: Patchy is better than nothing at all!
Kagura: Then I'll start with Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: Don't mess with me!
GINTOKI: You just broke through my\Nfinal line of defense!
GINTOKI: I'll turn you into a patchy too!
Kagura: Do it if you can!
Kagura: the show will have to be canceled!
GINTOKI: Who are you calling the heroine?!
GINTOKI: I'll turn you into a mascot like Sento-kun!
Kagura: You can cover your head with curry!
GINTOKI: Gotcha!
Shinpachi: Hey! Guys! Stop it!
Shinpachi: Why was that line in unison?!
Both: We're taking you with us!
Otose: Enough of that.
GINTOKI: Granny.
Otose: Honestly...
Otose: I knew this would happen.
Otose: Tama.
Tama: Yes.
Kusano: We have a report from the scene.
Kusano: Ana Ketsuno! Ana Ketsuno!
Ketsuno: The sudden outbreak of hair loss in the\NKabuki District has been resolved.
Ketsuno: The cause was a virus brought by\Nan Amanto from Planet Namihei.
Ketsuno: [Note: Namihei is a character from Sazae-san.\NHe only has one hair on his head.]
Ketsuno: The Bakufu is distributing a special\Ncure after identifying the virus.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Okay! Let's go to the hospital!
Ketsuno: and they will need three months to produce\Nenough for everybody infected.
Shinpachi: Gin-san! What do we do?!
GINTOKI: Three months with this head...
GINTOKI: Means we'll see this.
Kagura: This show will turn into a crappy\Nanime without a heroine.
Otose: Hey.
Catherine: Can't you see this?!
GINTOKI: Oh? Could it be?
Otose: I asked a doctor I happen to know.
GINTOKI: Hey.
Catherine: Meow!
All: Hand it over!
Kagura: Sadaharu!
GINTOKI: Wait! Hold on! You...
Okita: Interrogation?
Okita: I like it.
Okita: Really brings out my sadistic side.
 Name:  Text
Kondo: Prisoner 3-2034.
Kondo: Kohei Tanaka.
Kondo: A vicious serial killer who murdered\N35 Bakufu employees.
Kondo: he didn't bat an eye as\Nhe killed seven officials.
Kondo: and we haven't been able to\Nget him to open his mouth.
Kondo: His mouth is definitely open.
Kondo: He's always smiling like\Nhe's enjoying it all.
Hijikata: The suits have given us\Na real pain to deal with.
Kondo: There have been reports of a large-scale terrorist\Nattack in the works by the Akatsuki faction.
Kondo: He must know the details.
Hijikata: And we're supposed to\Nforce it out of him?
Kondo: Can you do it?
Okita: I doubt we'll be able to make\Nhim talk through torture.
Okita: Look at that masochistic face.
Okita: Does he look like someone in a desperate situation\Nafter being captured by the enemy?
Okita: He isn't thinking about how\Nto get out of this situation.
Okita: He's enjoying the situation.
Yamazaki: He must have been trained\Nto take torture.
Yamazaki: He doesn't reject pain.
Yamazaki: He's probably learned\Nto seek and relish it.
Yamazaki: and he would keep on smiling like that.
Kondo: So it's impossible to pressure\Nhim through pain.
Hijikata: There's more to an interrogation\Nthan going on the attack.
Hijikata: We'll use the "carrot and stick"\Ntechnique to make him talk.
Hijikata: Lose the mindset of forcing\Ninformation from him.
Hijikata: We're going to get close\Nto him and snatch it.
Yamazaki: So you want to win him over...
Yamazaki: How exactly are we supposed to\Nget a serial killer to warm up?
Yamazaki: I would have graduated without\Nsaying a word to him.
Kondo: It's fine.
Yamazaki: What are we graduating from?
Okita: Do you intend to end three years of school\Nwithout ever lifting your head off your desk?
Okita: You'll never make any friends if you\Naren't willing to approach anyone.
Okita: Oh? You wear briefs?
Hijikata: Who are you accusing\Nof wearing briefs?!
Kondo: Go for it!
Okita: Open his heart!
Hijikata: Hey! Why are you trying to\Npush the dirty work on me?!
Hijikata: Get going.
Hijikata: Shut up.
Hijikata: You might as well be wearing briefs.
Hijikata: You ooze lameness...
Yamazaki: We don't even know if he wears briefs...
Hijikata: Stop wasting time and get going!
Kondo: Open!
Yamazaki: S-Scary!
Yamazaki: This guy's really creepy up close!
Yamazaki: Like he's going to jump me at any time!
Kondo: Use the tsundere principle\Nto catch his heart!
Yamazaki: Calm down.
Yamazaki: His arms and legs are chained\Ntogether so he can't move.
Yamazaki: And everybody's watching me through\Nthe two-way mirror behind me.
Yamazaki: I'll start with a threat.
Yamazaki: He's looking down on the police.
Yamazaki: I won't be able to accomplish anything if\NI can't get that smug smile off his face!
Yamazaki: How long you gonna keep playin' it cool?
Yamazaki: We don't have all day here!
Yamazaki: We get manga manuscripts\Nfaxed over every week!
Yamazaki: We're on the ropes!
Yamazaki: Everybody's stressed out to the limit!
Yamazaki: We don't got time to waste on\Na guest character like you!
Yamazaki: So cut to the chase and spill your guts!
Hijikata: What's he talking about?
Yamazaki: I wanna play DQ too!
Yamazaki: [Note: Refers to the recently released "Dragon Quest IX".]
Yamazaki: I haven't beaten it yet!
Yamazaki: But I'm sucking it up and\Nworking my ass off!
Yamazaki: I have to deal with people like you\Ninstead of doing what I want to do!
Yamazaki: Damn it!
Yamazaki: Why can't I get a job like the one\NKochikame's Akimoto has?!
Yamazaki: I watched Binetsu Tairiku!
Yamazaki: I can't be like you! I'm worthless!
Hijikata: Cut it out.
Hijikata: This isn't a place for Sorachi to repent.
Hijikata: [Note: Hideaki Sorachi= original\Nmanga author for Gintama.]
Yamazaki: I'm just... I'm just...
Yamazaki: This is the theme from Binetsu Tairiku...
Yamazaki: The Taro song...
Yamazaki: You...
Tanaka: You are certainly a failure of a human.
Yamazaki: What?
Yamazaki: Like you're one to talk.
Tanaka: I'm not referring to your\Ntardy work habits.
Tanaka: I'm talking about how you gaze at the\Ntop of the mountain in servitude.
Tanaka: The path to the top will only grow\Nlonger if you belittle yourself.
Tanaka: A mountain peak does not exist\Nto show how small you are.
Tanaka: It's there to provide you with a goal.
Tanaka: you should take your time\Nto slowly climb up.
Tanaka: The mountain you call Akimoto-san\Nwas the product of thirty years.
Tanaka: {\q1}[Note: Tanaka is using a mountain metaphor to describe the Kochikame manga artist. "Kochikame" has been in Weekly Shonen Jump since 1976. ]
Tanaka: It won't be an easy climb for you.
Tanaka: You must be prepared\Nto spend thirty years.
Tanaka: It's possible that you'll\Nnever reach the top.
Tanaka: You may burn out halfway.
Yamazaki: Thank you very much.
Yamazaki: If you'll excuse me.
Hijikata: What did you go in there for?!
Hijikata: Why did you fall for his carrot?!
Hijikata: Why did you let him use\Nthe stick on you?!
Hijikata: Why were you the one\Nwho spilled his guts?!
Hijikata: You're supposed to get the\Nsuspect to spill his guts!
Yamazaki: He burned me a DVD of Binetsu Tairiku.
Hijikata: He's the one who won you over!
Okita: Lend me that.
Yamazaki: {\q1}[Note: Refers to the documentary Jyonetsu Tairiku (Passionate Continent - Documentary). Osamu Akimoto was featured in February 2009.]
Yamazaki: and he gives his long answer in the interview.
Hijikata: How could you enjoy that?!
Hijikata: It must have been a really long interview\Nto make Mr. Akimoto say that.
Hijikata: Rewatch the part where he's\Ninterviewing the interviewers!
Hijikata: I can't believe you let yourself\Nbe lectured by that murderer.
Hijikata: Pathetic...
Kondo: He'll be a tough nut to crack.
Kondo: Okay. I'll go next.
Kondo: That's enough threatening.
Kondo: I'll go with carrot.
Kondo: Just like the rogue detective.
Kondo: [Note: Parody of the police TV drama "Hagure Keiji\NJyunjyo-ha (Rogue Detective Nave Type).]
Kondo: Detective Gorilla: Empathy Type.
Kondo: I'll use empathy to sway him over.
Hijikata: It says Detective Gorilla. You're a gorilla.
Hijikata: You've strayed from the human race.
Hijikata: Where's the chief or your daughters?
Kondo: Detective Kane.
Kondo: You should learn to act\Nbefore you learn action.
Kondo: You're probably sick of the prison slop.
Kondo: I've brought you something\Nspecial today.
Kondo: Eat as much as you want.
Kondo: It's Gorilla's special katsudon.
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Katsudon (Fried pork cutlet and egg on rice) is often used in Japanese police TV dramas as a prop to convince hungry suspects.]
Hijikata: but the way he's feeding\Nit to him is anything but.
Kondo: All right now...
Hijikata: How old are you supposed to be?!
Hijikata: That makes your son an old man!
Kondo: You remind me of my son.
Kondo: I wonder where he is now...
Kondo: He said something about studying\Naction in America...
Hijikata: How did Detective Kane\Nbecome your son?!
Kondo: There was a period when he\Nwent down the wrong path...
Kondo: He'd be immersed in dangerous\Nbodybuilding shows every night
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Kinniku Banzuke (Muscle ranking) and SASUKE are names of physical challenge shows in Japan.]
Kondo: like Muscle Ranking and SASUKE...
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Koji Murofushi is a Japanese gold medalist hammer thrower who appeared in the 2004 Olympics. Shoei is a Japanese actor who competed on Sasuke in early 2000s.]
Kondo: and raced around in stolen muscles.
Kondo: [Note: Kondo is using "muscle" in\Nlieu of "drug" and "motorcycle".]
Kondo: It was awful...
Hijikata: What the hell are stolen muscles?!
Hijikata: How would that work?!
Hijikata: What?!
Hijikata: You're not even making any sense now!
Hijikata: Enough! Enough about Detective Kane!
Kondo: She must have been worried\Nabout our son's muscles...
Hijikata: Stop talking about muscles!
Kondo: He had been locked up in the slammer!
Hijikata: Hey!
Hijikata: Why are you giving Kane\Na criminal record?!
Kondo: Illegal possession of muscles.
Kondo: He'd been secretly growing\NIketani in his closet.
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Kondo is using Muscle to refer to drugs here. Yukio Iketani is a gymnast and Olympic medalist.]
Hijikata: How would that even work?!
Kondo: but the older Iketani assures\Nyou of a sentencing.
Hijikata: What's the difference?
Kondo: I considered cutting ties with him.
Kondo: How could I call him my son when\Nhe hadn't come to see his mother
Kondo: on her deathbed because\Nof his muscle addiction!
Kondo: Don't run away.
Kondo: it's also the duty of a parent to curse and\Nmourn when he does something wrong!
Kondo: I embraced him as tight as I\Ncould... Till he almost died...
Kondo: what is the child's responsibility?
Kondo: I'll make this simple.
Kondo: Don't make your parents suffer.
Kondo: Please don't make them go\Nthrough what my wife did.
Kondo: You have committed many sins.
Kondo: It's too late for you to erase them.
Kondo: Your parents will have to bear that\Nburden for the rest of their lives.
Kondo: But there are still sins that\Nyou can make up for.
Kondo: It's still possible for you to lessen\Nthe burden on your parents!
Tanaka: I'll spill...
Tanaka: I'll spill everything...
Kondo: You...
Hijikata: D-Don't tell me he actually\Nconvinced that murderer?!
Kondo: It's all about heart!
Kondo: My heartfelt carrot was able to\Nsoften this hardened criminal!
Kondo: Touch this killer deep down...
Hijikata: He spilled something else!
Kondo: What the hell is this?!
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Spoof of Police drama TV series "Taiyo ni hoero! (Howl to the sun!)" from the 70-80's. G-pan(Jeans pants) detective played by Yusaku Matsuda died in the series using this line.]
Hijikata: Why did this turn into a Detective\NG-Pan death scene?!
Hijikata: Weren't you a rogue detective?!
Hijikata: Why are they playing the death music from {\i1}Howl\Nto the Sun{\i0} for a scene where he got barfed on?!
Tanaka: I believe this katsudon is spoiled?
Kondo: H-Hold on...
Kondo: It hasn't spoiled yet.
Kondo: Please wait...
Kondo: Don't throw this away...
Kondo: It's only three days old!
Kondo: I was saving it to eat later!
Tanaka: Forgive me.
Tanaka: so please leave it here.
Kondo: What the hell is this?!
Hijikata: Wait... Please wait!
Hijikata: Don't take this from me!
Hijikata: Don't overdo it!
Hijikata: I don't want to become a killer!
Tanaka: Please set your mind at ease.
Tanaka: You've done nothing wrong.
Tanaka: I have faith in you.
Tanaka: the "friend" should take the duty of having\Nfaith and fighting by your side.
Okita: Gorilla-san!
Hijikata: Weren't you going for G-Pan?!
Hijikata: What happened to the rogue detective?!
Okita: Gori-san! Hang in there!
Okita: Hey!
Kondo: He got me...
Kondo: I was soundly defeated...
Kondo: After I suspected him and\Nfed him this pig feed...
Kondo: He called me friend... He\Nstill believed in me...
Hijikata: Shouldn't that be a cigarette?!
Kondo: Detective Mayora...
Kondo: {\q1}[Note: Spoof of Police drama TV series "Taiyo Ni Hoero! (Howl to the sun!)". Each detective was given a nickname for the way they dress and their personality.]
Kondo: Detective Sadist...
Kondo: The rest is up to you...
Okita: Gori-san!
Hijikata: What's going on?
Hijikata: Our attempt to convince that murderer
Hijikata: is backfiring...
Okita: Hijikata-san...
Okita: He seems to be much better than\Nus at using carrot and stick.
Okita: Your concept of carrot and stick
Okita: is basically where someone who's\Nalways beating you from behind
Okita: you appreciate it more than if it\Ncame from someone normal.
Okita: What you might call the gap principle.
Hijikata: What's with the really dumb visual aids?
Okita: However...
Hijikata: What? We're not done with\Nthese weird visuals?
Okita: so you could say that we've already\Nexperienced his stick.
Okita: he's already finished.
Okita: to accomplish the carrot and stick effect.
Okita: which is why we aren't\Ngetting any results.
Hijikata: Can we do that?
Okita: It's impossible to do it alone.
Okita: But...
Hijikata: I see!
Okita: Don't make yourself too comfortable!
Okita: Your torture's about to start!
Hijikata: A top-class sadist who's aiming\Nfor his superior's life!
Hijikata: And...
Hijikata: Are you okay?!
Hijikata: Are you hurt?!
Okita: The follow-up master who cleans up after\Nsuperiors and subordinates alike!
Both: we can form the best carrot and stick!
Okita: Now...
Hijikata: It's over.
Tanaka: What are you doing?
Both: Wh-What?!
Okita: Carrot and stick isn't working!
Okita: Impossible!
Hijikata: That should have been a clean hit!
Tanaka: Are you okay?
Tanaka: Why don't you have a\Nseat so we can talk?
Tanaka: I was feeling lonely because\Neverybody had gone.
Hijikata: A murderer feeling lonely...?!
Okita: This guy has brought out\Na real carrot bomb!
Both: We can't hold him off!
Okita: Hijikata-san!
Okita: We've had this completely\Nwrong from the beginning!
Okita: Think back!
Okita: This guy is a masochist!
Okita: Which means a normal carrot\Nand stick won't work on him!
Hijikata: I-I see!
Hijikata: A masochist won't feel any\Npain from the stick!
Hijikata: So his carrot would be the stick!
Hijikata: We had the order wrong!
Hijikata: Using the stick and then carrot in that\Norder didn't have any effect on him!
Hijikata: My carrot shouldn't have\Nlost its effect yet.
Hijikata: Which means we need one more...
Hijikata: One more lash with the stick to\Ncomplete our carrot and stick!
Hijikata: But he's so far away...
Hijikata: I'm losing my will to fight...
Hijikata: It's no use...
Hijikata: I can no longer...
Hijikata: fight...
Kondo: Toshi...
Kondo: Toshi!
Kondo: Toshi!
Yamazaki: Vice-Chief!
Hijikata: You guys!
Hijikata: I can...
Hijikata: I can feel power surging through me!
Hijikata: I see...
Hijikata: Carrot and stick isn't\Nlimited to the enemy.
Hijikata: Our plight was the stick.
Hijikata: And the comrades who are able\Nto rise up out of this plight
Hijikata: serve as the greatest carrot!
All: Go!
Hijikata: Combine the carrot with the stick...
Kondo: My katsudon is starting to spoil...
Yamazaki: Mr. Akimoto works so hard...
Okita: He was just a smiling nice person...
All: What the hell is this?!
Kagura: Was that how you always were?
Katsura: The next episode...
Katsura: It's What's On The Inside That Counts.
Katsura: Plus another one.
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Funnuraba!
GINTOKI: Your excretion is bigger than\Na naughty monk's dreams!
GINTOKI: Damn it!
GINTOKI: That's why I didn't want this...
GINTOKI: She's the one who said she'd\Ntake him for a walk later!
Katsura: You can't even keep a\Npet in line... Pathetic.
Katsura: How can you change this nation when you\Ncan't even hold an animal in check?
Katsura: And you call yourself a samurai?
GINTOKI: What is that next to you?
Katsura: How long have you had Sadaharu-kun?
Katsura: You still haven't established a\Nmaster and pet relationship.
Katsura: A true bond of trust between a master and\Npet must be deeper than the Sea of Japan
Katsura: and longer than Choshu's mullet.
Katsura: [Note: Riki Choshu is a professional\Nwrestler known for his mullet.]
Katsura: You aren't going to eat that parfait?
GINTOKI: I wasn't telling a joke!
GINTOKI: And how was that even American?!
GINTOKI: How would I know that?!
GINTOKI: And why are you using a Bentendo\NTS to talk to me?!
GINTOKI: [Note: Parody of Nintendo DS]
GINTOKI: Use your usual sign!
GINTOKI: Did you eat something rotten?
GINTOKI: Did you eat something off the floor?
GINTOKI: That's not what I asked.
GINTOKI: This is bad. Definitely bad.
Waitless: Th-Thank you very much...
Waitless: Th-Thank you very much.
Waitless: I'll go get your change.
Waitless: Thank you very much!\NThank you so very much!
Katsura: No matter. I'll teach you\Nfrom the beginning.
Katsura: Since we live in a land of chopsticks.
Shinpachi: I-Indeed...
Shinpachi: It's just like Gin-san said.
Shinpachi: It's no longer the Elizabeth we know.
Shinpachi: That's no simple makeover.
Kagura: Doesn't even look like a fake.
Kagura: It's something completely different.
Shinpachi: I wonder what happened\Nto the real Elizabeth.
GINTOKI: Hey now...
GINTOKI: Why are you getting all gloomy?
Shinpachi: Why wouldn't we?!
Shinpachi: but I have my own share of fond\Nmemories with Elizabeth.
Kagura: Me too!
Kagura: All of the memories are so beautiful.
GINTOKI: That has nothing to do with Elizabeth.
Shinpachi: I'll find a way to wake Katsura-san up!
Shinpachi: Katsura-san will surely be sad when\Nhe realizes what's happened!
Kagura: Right on!
Kagura: That fake can't hold a\Ncandle to Elizabeth!
GINTOKI: But Zura usually won't listen\Nto anything we have to say.
GINTOKI: No choice then...
GINTOKI: We'll try to wake him up.
GINTOKI: Why hello there...
Katsura: What's with you people?
Shinpachi: There's been a rise in the number of people\Nkeeping illegal animals as pets
Shinpachi: or stealing other people's pets.
Katsura: What was that?!
Katsura: Are you implying that I'm one\Nof those evil villains?!
Kagura: More stupid than evil.
GINTOKI: We simply wanted to check\Nif that was really your pet.
Shinpachi: Please cooperate!
Katsura: I have no choice...
Katsura: So what am I supposed to do?
GINTOKI: Could you start by providing\Nsome form of ID?
GINTOKI: For the pet.
Shinpachi: What?! It does?!
Shinpachi: Isn't that odd?!
Shinpachi: Isn't this pretty odd?!
GINTOKI: Himeka...
Kagura: Rise...
Shinpachi: Hazuki...
GINTOKI: How many different hostess\Nclubs have you been to?!
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Girls at hostess clubs usually have their own business cards for their customer to call. More business cards implies more hostess clubs.]
Katsura: Elizabeth is so hopeless.
Katsura: But where did you get those things?
GINTOKI: Isn't that obvious?!
GINTOKI: They came from society's nighttime outlet where\Nmoney and the lust of old men come together!
Shinpachi: The normal Elizabeth would\Nnever go to those places.
Shinpachi: One more push and Katsura-san\Nwill notice!
GINTOKI: Why are you filling it out?!
GINTOKI: And it's in Russian?!
Shinpachi: This is the truth of the unknown\Norganism next to you!
Shinpachi: Please wake up!
Shinpachi: Can your Elizabeth write in Russian?!
Shinpachi: Is this the Elizabeth you know?!
Katsura: Th-This is...
Katsura: Y-You...
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: There's obviously something wrong here!
Shinpachi: Your Elizabeth can't write in Russian!
Katsura: You've finally gone from someone\Nwho could only write on that sign
Katsura: to someone who can write on paper!
Shinpachi: That's your concern?!
Katsura: This is wonderful...
Katsura: I was starting to get sick of constantly\Nthrowing away signs.
Shinpachi: He just revealed how he really felt.
Katsura: This country has a bright future!
Shinpachi: What do we do?
Shinpachi: Forget about waking him up...
Shinpachi: Katsura-san doesn't feel the\Nslightest hint of doubt.
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: I give up.
GINTOKI: There may still be a way.
Katsura: What do you want?
GINTOKI: We've got some cute girls.
GINTOKI: How about it?
Katsura: A samurai like myself would never have\Ntime to fool around with such women.
Katsura: Elizabeth...?
Shinpachi: Why welcome!
Shinpachi: We'll take extra special\Ncare of you today!
Kagura: Enjoy yourselves.
Shinpachi: Party of two coming in!
Otae: Was that how the thing with\NKatsura-san always was?
Shinpachi: The fake Elizabeth is obviously\Na fan of hostess clubs.
Shinpachi: An obvious difference from the real thing.
Shinpachi: Katsura-san should be confused.
Otae: You're already leaving?
Otae: It's so rare of you to come visit.
Katsura: I have no time to play around.
Oryo: Excuse me!
Oryo: This customer wants an extension!
Katsura: An extension?!
Katsura: You're not your usual self!
Shinpachi: That's what we've been trying to tell you!
Shinpachi: This isn't the Elizabeth you know!
Kagura: That's right!
Kagura: It's a completely different fake!
GINTOKI: Wake up already!
Katsura: I understand...
Katsura: I'll go wash my face to wake myself up!
All: That's not what we meant!
Shinpachi: He seemed really disturbed...
Shinpachi: Did we bring Katsura-san to his senses?
GINTOKI: Beats me.
GINTOKI: But he should have noticed that\Nthing isn't Elizabeth by now.
Otae: Excuse me!
Otae: This customer wants a bottle\Nof Dom Perignon Rose!
Otae: [Note: Often served at Hostess\NClubs at super high price.]
Shinpachi: Hey! Cut this out already!
Shinpachi: You're really starting to push it!
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: and now you're going to gorge\Nyourself without paying!
GINTOKI: This bastard's an appetite robber!
All: Woo-hoo!
Shinpachi: Elizabeth-san! Would you\Nlike anything else?!
All: Woo-hoo! One more round!
Gintoki Shinpachi and Kagura: Elizabeth!
Katsura: You...
Katsura: Elizabeth...
Elizabeth: ["Katsura-san..."]
Katsura: You dropped your TS.
Katsura: You shouldn't be dropping\Nsomething so expensive.
Katsura: Treasure your TS as you\Nwould your friends.
GINTOKI: Ouch...
GINTOKI: Huh? What is this place?
GINTOKI: Where am I?
GINTOKI: Why was I sleeping in here?
GINTOKI: Did I drink that much last night?
GINTOKI: And what's with the smell?
GINTOKI: Why is it so strong?
GINTOKI: Did Shinpachi hold a popcorn\Nparty without me?
GINTOKI: Or did Kagura's pickled seaweed\Nspoil somewhere?
GINTOKI: My head's starting to hurt.
GINTOKI: Hey! Kagura!
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Kagu-
GINTOKI: What? Something's wrong\Nwith my throat.
GINTOKI: Did I drink too much?
GINTOKI: No choice then.
GINTOKI: I'll take some medicine.
GINTOKI: Pretty sure the medicine was\Nin a drawer in the living room.
GINTOKI: I'll just find something random to take...
GINTOKI: H-Huh?
GINTOKI: Wasn't that me? Huh?
GINTOKI: Huh? Did I leave a mirror there?
GINTOKI: Huh? Did I leave my body?
GINTOKI: We had plenty of that with\Nthe recent Tama incident.
GINTOKI: They'd wait a little longer...
GINTOKI: but I'm having a hard time understanding\Nthe situation here.
GINTOKI: Can I wake myself up?
GINTOKI: Hello?
GINTOKI: Hmm?
GINTOKI: Er? What's this?
GINTOKI: What's with the cute p-paw?
GINTOKI: Huh? Huh?
GINTOKI: N-No way!
GINTOKI: What? No way!
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: What?!
GINTOKI: This is impossible!
GINTOKI: I don't get it!
GINTOKI: Hey! Wake up!
GINTOKI: I can't be sleeping at a time like this!
GINTOKI: Wake up!
GINTOKI: Stop!
GINTOKI: What am I supposed to do now?
GINTOKI: This is obviously me.
GINTOKI: I'm Sadaharu and Sadaharu's me.
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Play on the title of the book "I'm Her And She's Me"]
GINTOKI: Why do I have to change myself?
Ginta-kun: It's gone!
GINTOKI: But it's there.
GINTOKI: The real deal is hanging\Na little bigger than usual.
GINTOKI: [Note: Reference to the love comedy\Nmanga "To Love Ru".]
GINTOKI: And Sadaharu! Why are\Nyou still sleeping?!
GINTOKI: I'm starting to get pissed off.
GINTOKI: I'll beat him awake!
GINTOKI: I can't hit that face!
GINTOKI: But what am I supposed to do then?!
Kagura: What's with all the noise this early?
GINTOKI: Kagura!
GINTOKI: Perfect timing!
Kagura: Did you finally snap?
Kagura: You're acting funny.
GINTOKI: Way to notice!
GINTOKI: Look over here!
GINTOKI: Gin-chan's over here!
Kagura: You hung over?
Kagura: And something stinks.
Kagura: It's coming from the living room.
GINTOKI: No!
GINTOKI: You can't go to the living room right now!
Kagura: Gin-chan...
Kagura: This is beyond sad.
Kagura: I would hope that you could\Nclean up after yourself.
Kagura: bed-shitting samurai?
GINTOKI: You've got it wrong!
Kagura: I wasn't talking to you!
Shinpachi: Good morning.
GINTOKI: Sh-Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: You should be able to notice\Nthe problem here!
GINTOKI: You've been with me since\Nthe first episode!
GINTOKI: I'm sorry about calling\Nyou a lame four-eyes!
GINTOKI: Those glasses are the glasses\Nof truth which reveal all!
Shinpachi: And something stinks.
Shinpachi: What's this smell?
Shinpachi: but I wasn't expecting you to get worse.
Shinpachi: You've reached a new low.
Shinpachi: You better clean this yourself.
GINTOKI: What? He's looking down on me?
Kagura: Let's.
Kagura: We'll catch his bed-shitting\Nhabits if we stay here.
Shinpachi: Shitface.
GINTOKI: Sadaharu...
GINTOKI: Why is Gin-san's status spiraling down?
GINTOKI: How can you humiliate me when we've\Nonly switched places for a little...
GINTOKI: Switched places...
GINTOKI: That's it!
GINTOKI: A switch can be resolved by\Nfalling down a set of stairs!
GINTOKI: That's been the typical method\Nused to end these stories!
GINTOKI: I-It didn't fix anything!
GINTOKI: Stop that guy!
Katsura: They say that a boy can transform\Nhimself in three days...
Katsura: Haven't you changed in some way?
GINTOKI: Yes! That's right!
GINTOKI: I knew you would understand!
Katsura: but it's better than standing around\Nlike we're trying to {\i1}play dead.{\i0}
GINTOKI: How dare you use your conversation\Nto manipulate me!
GINTOKI: Creepy!
GINTOKI: Why the Mutsugoro-san impression?!
Katsura: Such a cutie.
Katsura: Can I fluff your stomach?
GINTOKI: Stop!
GINTOKI: I don't wanna admit it!\NDon't wanna admit it!
GINTOKI: But it feels so good!
GINTOKI: So good!
GINTOKI: No! No! Yes!
Katsura: What a lovely day.
GINTOKI: I've been violated...
GINTOKI: Damn it! Where'd that bastard go?!
Sachan: What's with the penetrating look?
Sachan: You're not your usual self.
Sachan: I love it!
Sachan: You're making me numb!
Sachan: Look down on me as much as you want!
Sachan: Step on me!
Sachan: I'm a poor little bitch who\Nwants your love!
Sachan: What's with that pose?
Sachan: Don't tell me you want hardcore\Nplay in the middle of town!
Sachan: Very well!
Sachan: I'll accept whatever you have to give!
Sachan: Bring it on!
Sachan: Hurry!
Sachan: Come!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Do you have any idea what\Ntime this show airs?!
GINTOKI: You can't show this hardcore\Nfreak show on TV!
GINTOKI: I've changed jobs from the main character
GINTOKI: to a sub-character who might get to\Nshow up once every quarter-year...
GINTOKI: For eternity!
Shinpachi: Gin-san.
GINTOKI: Don't talk right next to me.
GINTOKI: Your voice is loud.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Isn't that Sadaharu?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: which might mean I...
GINTOKI: returned to normal...
GINTOKI: Huh? What's this?
Shinpachi: That sucks.
Shinpachi: These glasses are getting really loose.
GINTOKI: Huh!
GINTOKI: Glasses?!
GINTOKI: I turned into his glasses?!
GINTOKI: Who's Gin-san then?!
GINTOKI: Noooo!
Shinpachi: The next episode...
Shinpachi: People Open Up When\NThey're Locked Up.
Shinpachi: {\q1}[The second half is "Are There Still People Who Go To The Beach And Yell Out 'Bakayaro'"?]
 Name:  Text
Yakuza: Bad things happen when\Nyou don't pay your debts.
Yakuza: Mr. Odd Jobs...
Yakuza: You realize that the deadline's\Nalready passed.
Yakuza: Hello?
Yakuza: Yes. Yes.
Yakuza: You're fine with what we're doing?
Yakuza: So we'll go with the plan...
Yakuza: Go fish up some tuna.
GINTOKI: We weren't desperate the way you were.
GINTOKI: We're here on a job.
GINTOKI: We're doing someone a favor.
Madao: Don't lie!
Madao: You're in the exact same\Nsituation as I am!
GINTOKI: We're not!
Madao: How?!
GINTOKI: We have a different purpose!
Kagura: The exact same reason...
Madao: Same difference!
shinpachi: It's hot...
Kame: Cut the griping.
Kame: Now listen up.
Kame: It doesn't matter why you're here.\NEverybody is equal on this ship.
Kame: We'll be out at sea for three months.
Kame: Hard labor every day.
Kame: Impossible for ordinary humans to bear.
shinpachi: So what do we...
Kame: There's only one way.
Kame: Don't worry. It's very simple.
Kame: You just have to become men of the sea.
Kame: I'll show you how it's done.
Kame: That sucker's a real tough one!
shinpachi: It's actually possible to fish up tuna.
Kagura: Oh.
Kagura: It's easy if we just have to shout.
Kagura: Real Japanese eat ochazuke!
Kagura: I did it!
Kagura: Now I can have all the ochazuke I want!
shinpachi: Salmon... A salmon...
Kame: It's about guts.
shinpachi: Guts?
Kame: Give it a try if you want to\Nbecome a man of the sea.
shinpachi: Yes. I'll make it to the top one day!
Kagura: A perfect size for Shinpachi.
Madao: I'll give it a try too.
Madao: Hatsu! Come back to me!
Madao: It doesn't matter...
Madao: I'm just a Madao.
Kame: You idiot!
Kame: Don't give up so easily!
Kame: Life is like fishing!
Kame: You can't give up after\None or two failures...
Kame: Then try another hundred\Nor thousand times!
Hasegawa: C-Captain...
Kame: And you have your friends.
Hasegawa: Gin-san!
Hasegawa: Everyone!
GINTOKI: It's no big deal.
Hasegawa: I'm gonna do this!
Hasegawa: I'll catch every fish in the damn ocean!
GINTOKI: Let's get to it!
GINTOKI: We'll return triumphantly\Nwith a big catch in tow!
Madao: Gin-san!
Madao: You rule!
Kame: That was when the men were united.
Kame: They grew tougher and bolder\Nwith each passing day.
Kame: They transformed into\Ntrue men of the sea.
Kame: And time marched on...
GINTOKI: As you'd expect from the\NCEO of a big company.
GINTOKI: A hefty reward for hushing up an affair.
Kagura: Really? At JoJo-en?
GINTOKI: You want me to hang myself?
GINTOKI: We're obviously picking one with a buffet.
shinpachi: Kagura-chan will eat a whole cow if\Nyou take her out for Korean BBQ.
Kagura: I don't mind if it's cheap.
Kagura: Where are we going?
GINTOKI: There was a place that also had\Nall-you-can-eat ice cream.
GINTOKI: That place.
shinpachi: The place where you can make\Nyour own soft-serve?
shinpachi: That place is nice.
GINTOKI: I still get excited when ice cream\Nshoots out of the machine.
GINTOKI: I wonder how that works.
Kagura: I get more excited about the stuff\Nthat shoots out on your rice.
GINTOKI: Don't ruin my dreams.
GINTOKI: Kids should keep quiet.
Kagura: {\a6}This conversation has made\Nme really hungry.
shinpachi: No problem.
shinpachi: Which floor?
GINTOKI: {\a6}That's right. We had to work early\Nso we didn't eat breakfast.
Kagura: I can't wait to fill up my\Nbelly with cow liver.
GINTOKI: I'm more interested in cow tongue.
GINTOKI: Add some lemon juice and\Nchow down with some rice.
shinpachi: Sounds wonderful.
GINTOKI: You're drooling.
shinpachi: Isn't this taking too long?
GINTOKI: The building's pretty tall.
Kagura: I wish it'd hurry up.
Kagura: My stomach and back are\Nglaring at each other.
shinpachi: Like Tower of Druaga length?
shinpachi: And it looks like we're stuck\Non the 14th floor.
Kagura: No big deal.
Kagura: There's probably a huge gap between\Nthe 14th and 13th floors.
shinpachi: I see.
GINTOKI: There shouldn't.
GINTOKI: I've never heard of a building with\Nan especially big 14th floor.
shinpachi: This elevator hasn't been moving?
GINTOKI: The buttons aren't responding.
GINTOKI: The door won't open.
shinpachi: Does this mean...
shinpachi: We're trapped?
shinpachi: On an elevator?
Kagura: This sucks!
Kagura: It had to happen when I'm starving!
Kagura: Somebody save us!
Kagura: Help! Help me!
GINTOKI: Hold on.
GINTOKI: Calm down.
GINTOKI: You should be used to this kind of thing.
GINTOKI: Don't lose your cool. It's pathetic.
Kagura: But! What if we can't get out?!
Kagura: I'll starve to death!
GINTOKI: That won't happen.
GINTOKI: Elevators have an emergency\Nbutton for these situations.
Kagura: There really is one!
GINTOKI: What the hell was that?!
GINTOKI: I said to press the emergency button!
GINTOKI: Not to kill it!
shinpachi: What are we going to do?!
shinpachi: The entire control panel is busted!
shinpachi: Sorry isn't gonna cut it!
shinpachi: How are we going to call for help?!
GINTOKI: C-Calm down...
GINTOKI: It'll be fine. Just fine.
GINTOKI: You people shouldn't panic.
GINTOKI: You need to be calm during\Nthese situations.
GINTOKI: But a company this big should have\Nsecurity guards on patrol...
GINTOKI: There's no need to worry..
GINTOKI: Somebody save us!
GINTOKI: Help! Help me!
shinpachi: And he ends up being\Nthe one that panics.
GINTOKI: And why are you riding the elevator?!
GINTOKI: Shouldn't you be prepared\Nfor the unexpected?
GINTOKI: Tomorrow?! I haven't eaten anything\Ntoday! I can't wait that long!
shinpachi: And Gin-san...
shinpachi: Isn't tomorrow the start\Nof a three-day weekend?
shinpachi: There was a huge fuss about JUMP\Ncoming out on Saturday this week.
GINTOKI: Th-Three-day weekend?
GINTOKI: H-Hold on.
GINTOKI: That means there's a chance that nobody\Nwill come to this building for four days?
GINTOKI: How can you be sure?!
GINTOKI: Stop your stupid...
GINTOKI: It's no use.
GINTOKI: I'm so hungry that I don't have\Nthe energy to get angry.
GINTOKI: I was supposed to be enjoying\Nspare ribs and cow liver...
GINTOKI: Why did this happen?
shinpachi: A-Anyway...
shinpachi: We have no choice but to\Nwait for help to come.
shinpachi: And I'm sure there are people\Nworking overtime.
shinpachi: Cheer up.
shinpachi: I'm sure someone will notice us.
shinpachi: Someone will come save us.
shinpachi: So we have to hang in there.
shinpachi: How much time has passed?
shinpachi: Isn't any help going to come?
shinpachi: It's pretty smothering in this small\Nelevator if we sit in silence.
shinpachi: Air. We should get some fresh air.
GINTOKI: We can't get any fresh air.
GINTOKI: breathing the same air that\Ngets worse and worse.
Kagura: Is it just me or are we running out of air?
Kagura: It's hard to breathe.
Kagura: Are we going to run out of air and\Ndie before any help comes?
Kagura: Are we going to suffocate to death?
GINTOKI: {\an1}Don't be stupid.
GINTOKI: {\an1}There won't be\Nany help.
shinpachi: Stop that.
shinpachi: Hey...
shinpachi: Gin-san?
GINTOKI: We're going to rot to death in\Nhere without anyone noticing.
shinpachi: C'mon.
shinpachi: I said to stop that!
shinpachi: Stop being negative.
shinpachi: It's not like you.
shinpachi: This is the time to think happy thoughts.
shinpachi: Get a grip!
shinpachi: Can you think of a fun topic?
shinpachi: Oh? That sounds rough.
shinpachi: You don't get any time to rest.
shinpachi: I see. The father is fired\Nup to own a house.
shinpachi: That's so cool.
shinpachi: Oh... I... I see...
shinpachi: Sorry about that.
shinpachi: Shoot!
shinpachi: I made it worse by asking\Nthe wrong question!
shinpachi: It's no good!
shinpachi: You shouldn't pry into\Nother people's past!
shinpachi: Let's change the subject!
shinpachi: That's right!
shinpachi: What does everyone want to\Ndo once we get out of here?
shinpachi: I'm all for Korean BBQ.
shinpachi: I'm sure it'll taste marvelous\Non an empty stomach.
shinpachi: Hunger is the best spice.
shinpachi: Right?
shinpachi: We must have been brought\Ntogether for a reason.
shinpachi: We went from Korean BBQ to fire!
shinpachi: This is bad!
shinpachi: I hit another sore subject!
shinpachi: Uh...
shinpachi: I'm really sorry.
shinpachi: The mood!
shinpachi: It's getting gloomier in here!
shinpachi: I have to do something!
shinpachi: Th-That's it...
shinpachi: Is there some other food\Nyou really enjoy?
shinpachi: A bento from your loving wife?
shinpachi: Come on. You're making\Nme burn up with envy.
shinpachi: That wasn't what I meant!
shinpachi: This is bad!
shinpachi: This person keeps dragging the\Nconversation back to that point!
shinpachi: That wasn't what I meant...
shinpachi: I'm sorry.
shinpachi: Hey!
shinpachi: The mood in here is terrible!
shinpachi: What do I do?!
GINTOKI: You don't have to worry about it.
GINTOKI: You'll be going to see your\Nwife soon enough.
shinpachi: The pessimism is spreading!
shinpachi: I-It's suffocating...
shinpachi: The suffocating pressure\Nin this enclosed space...
shinpachi: I'll go insane!
shinpachi: A simple conversation won't be enough\Nto get rid of this heavy mood.
shinpachi: I'll have to do something more direct!
shinpachi: Uh...
shinpachi: Why don't we play a game?
GINTOKI: Huh? What's with you?
GINTOKI: Just leave us alone.
GINTOKI: It'd be a waste of time to sit around\Nwhile we wait for help.
Kagura: There isn't any help coming.
Kagura: I'm looking back at my life.
Kagura: Can't you quiet down?
shinpachi: You can't let yourself be absorbed\Nby this negative atmosphere!
shinpachi: Help will surely come!
shinpachi: We'll make a word chain with positive\Nthings to lighten the mood!
shinpachi: Got it?
shinpachi: Let's go!
shinpachi: Okay!
GINTOKI: Why is he so psyched up?
Kagura: He must have been sent by Bando.
Kagura: Hand over some boiled eggs.
shinpachi: Okay! Magical Banana!
shinpachi: Bananas remind me of yellow! Okay!
Kagura: Yellow reminds me of bananas.
shinpachi: Okay!
GINTOKI: Bananas remind me of yellow.
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: The flames on that day doesn't\Nreally mean anything to us...
shinpachi: Sorry.
shinpachi: Can we try to be positive here?
shinpachi: Forget about the past.
shinpachi: And don't do a half-assed job by\Nrepeating the same two words.
shinpachi: You can't use anything that's\Nalready been used once.
shinpachi: Got it?
shinpachi: Let's try this one more time.
shinpachi: Then we'll use the word\N"flames" from what he said.
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: Magical Banana!
shinpachi: Flames remind me of bright!
shinpachi: Okay!
Kagura: Bright reminds me of light.
shinpachi: Okay!
GINTOKI: Light reminds me of what\Nwe'll never see again.
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: F-Family reminds me of a happy circle!
shinpachi: Okay!
GINTOKI: Death reminds me of goodbyes.
shinpachi: Forget it!
shinpachi: How negative are you people?!
shinpachi: I've never heard of such a sad\Ngame of Magical Banana!
shinpachi: I keep trying to lighten the mood\Nand you just drag it back down!
shinpachi: And how many times do I have to\Ntell you to forget about that day?!
shinpachi: I understand that it's hard!
shinpachi: But you won't be able to move\Non if you keep looking back!
shinpachi: We can't even get through a\Nround of Magical Banana!
shinpachi: I won't even insist on being positive now.
shinpachi: Just go with the flow and say the\Nfirst thing that comes to mind!
GINTOKI: We're still doing this?
GINTOKI: Just give it up...
shinpachi: Shut up!
shinpachi: Going with the flow should help us relax!
shinpachi: Mikoshiba-san!
shinpachi: Good!
shinpachi: Let's go then!
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: Magical Banana!
shinpachi: Bananas are long!
shinpachi: Okay!
Kagura: Long reminds me of straws.
shinpachi: Okay!
GINTOKI: Straws remind me of plastic.
shinpachi: Okay!
shinpachi: Hold it right there!
shinpachi: What did you just say?!
shinpachi: Dude!
shinpachi: That was just a b***-up doll!
shinpachi: You're gonna have a fire if\Nyou leave one by a stove!
shinpachi: That wasn't clever!
GINTOKI: Shinpachi!
GINTOKI: You idiot.
GINTOKI: This is what you get for yelling\Nin a room with no air.
shinpachi: That's good...
shinpachi: The two of you are back to normal...
shinpachi: Did Magical Banana do the trick?
shinpachi: Guess not.
shinpachi: to sit and wait for help if they\Ngot injured on the street.
shinpachi: That's not how you're meant to be.
GINTOKI: Let's go have some Korean BBQ.
shinpachi: you'll make your own path if that's\Nwhat it takes to get him home.
shinpachi: That's how you people are.
Kagura: Shinpachi!
Kagura: It's only a little longer so hang in there!
Kagura: Hey! You listening to me?!
Kagura: Are you even conscious?!
Kagura: Hey! Hey!
Kagura: I don't have a choice...
Kagura: Magical Banana!
Kagura: Bananas are a fruit with no equal!
GINTOKI: Can't forget about Odd Jobs when\Ntalking about having no equal.
GINTOKI: And what does Odd Jobs\Nreminds you of?
shinpachi: The best.
Kagura: The best would be Kagura-chan!
GINTOKI: Kagura-chan would be the worst!
shinpachi: The worst would be Catherine...
Guard: Sorry for the long wait.
Guard: We're here to help.
GINTOKI: No!
GINTOKI: No! No! No!
GINTOKI: The next episode...\N"People Of All Ages Hate The Dentist!"
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Hurry it up...
GINTOKI: I'm begging ya.
GINTOKI: Make it quick.
GINTOKI: Please...
GINTOKI: Hurry...
GINTOKI: End my suffering!
GINTOKI: Why don't you finish me off?
GINTOKI: Why must you waste time?
GINTOKI: Kill me!
GINTOKI: Just get it over with!
GINTOKI: Do you enjoy torturing me?!
GINTOKI: Please!
GINTOKI: I can't stand just sitting here\Nwaiting for my death!
GINTOKI: I'll go insane!
GINTOKI: I beg ya!
GINTOKI: Quick!
GINTOKI: Kill me!
Nurse A: You're disturbing the other patients.
GINTOKI: Sorry about that...
GINTOKI: No...
GINTOKI: I hate going to the dentist.
GINTOKI: That distinctive odor...
GINTOKI: That shady easy listening music...
GINTOKI: The echoing whir of the drill...
GINTOKI: And the wait... It's like waiting\Nfor your death sentence...
GINTOKI: Damn! I SO wanna go home!
GINTOKI: But my tooth hurts...
GINTOKI: How many times have\NI gone through this?
GINTOKI: Just put me out of my misery.
GINTOKI: There was no scene of me\Neating sweets lately.
GINTOKI: They're gonna drill.
GINTOKI: They'll stick that thing in my mouth for sure.
GINTOKI: A drill doesn't belong in your mouth.
GINTOKI: It's the last thing you\Nshould stick in there!
GINTOKI: That's not what a doctor's\Nsupposed to do.
GINTOKI: What do I do?
GINTOKI: Will I die if I sneeze when\Nthe drill's in my mouth?
GINTOKI: Am I gonna die?
GINTOKI: What do I do?
GINTOKI: Will I die if that sucking tube\Nthing gets my tongue?
GINTOKI: Am I gonna die?!
GINTOKI: Enough already!!
GINTOKI: I'll stop thinking about it.
GINTOKI: I'll read a magazine or something\Nto take my mind off that.
GINTOKI: JUMP... JUMP...
GINTOKI: [Note: "Weekly Shonen Magazine"\Npublished from Kodansha.]
GINTOKI: What? This place prefers Magazine?
GINTOKI: I guess it can't hurt every\Nonce in a while...
GINTOKI: Here to clean your tobacco\Nstains? You nicotine addict!
Hijikata: Can't you tell from my face?
Hijikata: An old silver cap decided to rot on me.
GINTOKI: Let go. I grabbed it first.
Hijikata: And don't you prefer JUMP?
Hijikata: Let this Magazine fan have it.
GINTOKI: It's a good idea to check\Nout the enemy at times.
GINTOKI: So what if it's the 50th anniversary?
GINTOKI: Why are you teaming up with Sunday?
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Weekly manga magazines "Magazine" by Kodansha and "Sunday" by Shogakukan celebrated their 50th year since being first published together back in 1959.]
GINTOKI: Something's up there.
Hijikata: You want in or something?
Hijikata: You upset about not being\Ninvited to the party?
GINTOKI: Heck no.
GINTOKI: Go enjoy it yourselves.
GINTOKI: It's easier for us to go solo.
GINTOKI: No point in cooperating when you\Nguys have no chance against us.
Hijikata: You've got it backwards.
Hijikata: Don't you understand that\Neveryone hates you?
Hijikata: Can't you tell that you're being shunned?
Nurse A: {\a6}Please keep it down.
GINTOKI: What? Pretending to be popular?
Nurse A: {\a6}You're disturbing the other patients...
GINTOKI: Haven't you realized that Sunday's only\Npretending to be a buddy to Magazine?
GINTOKI: He was trashing you on the way\Nhome from school the other day.
Hijikata: Sunday would never do that!
Hijikata: Don't make shit up.
GINTOKI: Go ask Champion.
GINTOKI: [Note: "Weekly Shonen Champion" is\Nmanga magazine from Akita Shoten.]
GINTOKI: He heard it too.
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: What do you know about Sunday?!
GINTOKI: Keep on pretending to be all tight!
GINTOKI: Too bad you're anything but!
Nurse A: {\an4}Hey! I told you to\Nshut the hell up!
GINTOKI: Everybody knows already!
GINTOKI: Gangan and Ace know too!
GINTOKI: {\an8\q1}[Note: Monthly manga magazines. "Gangan" is published by Square Enix and "Shonen Ace" is published by Kadokawa Shoten.]
Hijikata: I just had to run into this jerk.
GINTOKI: Why did I have to bump\Ninto him of all people?
Hijikata: I have to act calm.
GINTOKI: I can't let him know my weakness.
Both: I can't let him know that I still\Nhate the dentist at this age!
GINTOKI: Constantly fidgeting...
GINTOKI: How many times are you\Ngoing to cross your legs?
GINTOKI: You're making me nervous.
Hijikata: And what about you?
Hijikata: Your leg's been tapping like crazy.
Hijikata: Could you cut it out?
Hijikata: You're gonna make me poor like you.
GINTOKI: I'm all irritated because of your fidgeting.
GINTOKI: Oh?
GINTOKI: Is that it?
GINTOKI: Are you scared?
GINTOKI: The Demon Vice-Chief?
Hijikata: Huh? What?
Hijikata: No idea what you're talking about.
Hijikata: Scared of what?
Hijikata: Was there something scary\Nabout the dentist?
GINTOKI: Nothing at all.
Hijikata: You said that because there's\Nsomething to be scared of.
Hijikata: Which means you're the\None who's scared?
GINTOKI: Hell no.
GINTOKI: You know how people say that the\Nsound of a drill can be scary?
GINTOKI: Not that I would understand.
Hijikata: I don't get it either.
Hijikata: come in to get plaque removed\Non a regular basis.
GINTOKI: What? You don't do that?
GINTOKI: I have the whole package\Ndone every three days.
GINTOKI: My mouth feels all icky if I\Ndon't get that drill in there.
Hijikata: I have my own drill at home so\NI don't have to come here.
Hijikata: Since I'm a driller.
GINTOKI: Driller?!
GINTOKI: What the hell's a driller?!
GINTOKI: Why do you have your own drill?!
GINTOKI: He's crazy!
GINTOKI: No fear of drills!
GINTOKI: What a coincidence.
GINTOKI: Interested in entering a\Ndrill contest with me?
Hijikata: Drill contest?!
Hijikata: No way! I don't wanna do that crap!
Hijikata: This guy enters a contest like that?!
Hijikata: He's a monster!
Hasegawa: Huh? What are you two\Ndoing here together?
GINTOKI: Hasegawa-san.
Hasegawa: You guys are also having\Nteeth problems?
Hijikata: I was taking a walk and decided\Nto stop by for a drilling.
Hasegawa: A drill? What are you talking about?
GINTOKI: Are you also here for a drilling?
Hasegawa: I just stepped out for a bathroom break.
Hasegawa: But man...
Hasegawa: The treatment here really hurts.
GINTOKI: I hate those month-long treatments that require\Nyou to keep going back to the dentist.
GINTOKI: I heard that they did it in one shot here.
Hasegawa: I felt like screaming so many times.
Assistant: Hasegawa-san!
Assistant: Are you finished?
Hasegawa: I'll be going then.
Hasegawa: You'd better prepare yourselves.
GINTOKI: I-I see...
GINTOKI: It hurts...
Hijikata: Th-That's right...
Hijikata: To the point where you wonder\Nif it worked if it didn't hurt.
GINTOKI: Hmm? You look a little pale?
Hijikata: Not at all.
Assistant: It's dangerous so you have to stay still!
Dr. Yabuta: Hold Hasegawa-san down.
Dr. Yabuta: Tie him down to the seat.
Hijikata: Doesn't this sound a little too painful?
GINTOKI: What kind of treatment is this?!
Assistant: Doctor! Hasegawa-san's pulse!
Hijikata: Defibrillator?!
Hijikata: Why would a dentist need that?!
Assistant: but the shock threw "that" loose!
GINTOKI: Threw "that" loose?!
GINTOKI: What's "that"?! What's loose?!
Dr. Yabuta: Dip it in the ponzu sauce.
GINTOKI: [Note: Ponzu sauce is a citrus based sauce\Noften used as dip for shabu-shabu.]
GINTOKI: Dip it in the ponzu sauce?!
GINTOKI: What are they doing?!
Hijikata: Sesame sauce?!
Hijikata: Are they having shabu-shabu?!
Hijikata: It's over?!
Hijikata: They finished it with a ponzu sauce?!
GINTOKI: It's been dunked in ponzu sauce!
Assistant: We've included some painkillers and\Na toothbrush specially made by us.
Hasegawa: Thanks for being so considerate.
Assistant: Take care now.
Hasegawa: Thank you very much!
Both: Included as in literally included?!
GINTOKI: Wait!
Hijikata: That's way beyond an\Nequivalent exchange!
Nurse A: You should come in for a new toothbrush\Nif the bristles wear out.
Hasegawa: May I say something...?
GINTOKI: Yeah! Speak your mind! Sue them!
Hijikata: That's one crazy quack!
Hasegawa: I need a hard toothbrush\Nto get the job done.
Both: That's not the issue here!
Nurse A: We included a hard toothbrush\Non your crotch to be safe.
Nurse A: It'll get hard when you play around with it.
GINTOKI: That's not the point!!
GINTOKI: How are you supposed to\Nbrush your teeth with it?!
GINTOKI: Only your wife can reach down\Nthere to brush with it!
Kondo: You guys are also here to get treated?
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Kondo: I'm completely better now!
Kondo: They even included an...
Kondo: electric toothbrush.
Hijikata: Electric toothbrush...?
GINTOKI: Isn't that Hasegawa-san's arm?
GINTOKI: Hey! It's obviously Hasegawa-san's!
Hasegawa: Really? I don't like the idea of\Nletting machines do the work.
Hasegawa: You have to brush your teeth\Nwith your own hands.
Hijikata: And hasn't your hand been\Nreplaced by a toothbrush?
Nurse A: If Hasega...
Kondo: Excuse me...
Kondo: I'm having a hard time getting\Nthe brush to reach my mouth.
Kondo: Is that okay?
Nurse A: It's fine.
Hijikata: Why'd you include the arm then?!
Hijikata: That's just harassment!
GINTOKI: Why don't you take care\Nof your patients first?!
Hijikata: This isn't dental care. They're\Nmodifying your body!
GINTOKI: This dentist is crazy!
GINTOKI: It's way too insane!
Hijikata: H-Hey...
Hijikata: What are you doing? Get outta here!
Hijikata: This is no dental clinic.
Hijikata: It's Shocker HQ.
Hijikata: {\q1}[Note: An Evil organization from the Kamen Rider series. Shocker performs modification operations that gives the subject superhuman fighting abilities.]
GINTOKI: Stop being stubborn and scram.
GINTOKI: I'll give you 300 yen.
Hijikata: What's wrong with this guy?\NWhy doesn't he run?
GINTOKI: Get a clue!
Nurse A: Could the next patients\Nplease step inside.
Nurse A: Two at a time.
Hijikata: No way. You're kidding.
GINTOKI: Are we seriously going?
GINTOKI: Will it reach my soul?
GINTOKI: No! I don't wanna go!
GINTOKI: How would a drill reach my soul?!
GINTOKI: I have no idea what I'm saying!
Hijikata: Why do people dig?
Hijikata: Because they have drills.
Hijikata: What was that?!
Hijikata: Am I an idiot?! An idiot?!
Hijikata: Stop pretending to be\Na man and run for it!
GINTOKI: Hey! Somebody!
Hijikata: Anybody!
Both: Stop us!!
Dr. Yabuta: Hello.
Dr. Yabuta: I'm Yabuta of the Namu dental clinic.
Dr. Yabuta: I'll be taking care of you today.
Dr. Yabuta: Don't be so nervous.
Dr. Yabuta: It won't hurt.
Both: A-A crime scene?!
GINTOKI: Is a dental operation room supposed\Nto be this red?
GINTOKI: Wasn't it supposed to be whiter?
GINTOKI: All spic-and-span?
Hijikata: Was dental care always so bloody?
Hijikata: Weren't the instruments more compact?
Hijikata: Was there a chainsaw involved?
Both: Is this how going to the dentist was like?!
Dr. Yabuta: Why did you leave it alone so long?
Dr. Yabuta: That's no good.
Dr. Yabuta: The mouth is like the\Nentrance to a human.
Dr. Yabuta: Also the first step to\Ngetting to know a person.
Dr. Yabuta: You can judge a person by their teeth.
Dr. Yabuta: People who keep their teeth clean\Nprobably listened to their parents.
Dr. Yabuta: Check their boobs first.
Dr. Yabuta: You can judge a person\Nafter seeing their boobs.
Hijikata: This Doc is terrible!
Dr. Yabuta: {\a6}Women with big areolae on their breasts have big\Nhearts that are more forgiving of adultery.
Hijikata: He's talking about boobs!
GINTOKI: and there's a toilet-like smell coming out!
GINTOKI: Like Niwa-kun's place where you go\Nin the door and it smells like a toilet!
GINTOKI: The toilet is his entrance!
Dr. Yabuta: And women with small areolae on\Ntheir breasts tend to be smothering.
Dr. Yabuta: You've gotta be careful.
Hijikata: Nobody would want to smother you!
Dr. Yabuta: Areolae are the key to women.
Dr. Yabuta: Nothing else matters.
GINTOKI: What kind of a group date would involve\Nlooking at their areolae?!
GINTOKI: What kind of group date did you go to?!
Dr. Yabuta: Okay...
Dr. Yabuta: Let's get down to business.
Dr. Yabuta: I'll have an assistant take\Na quick look at you.
GINTOKI: G-Good... He's not doing the treatment.
Dr. Yabuta: Hey! You two!
Nakayama: Yes.
Dr. Yabuta: Nakayama-san and Battle\NFairy Shazzan-san.
Dr. Yabuta: Which do you want?
GINTOKI: Nakayama-san!
Hijikata: Definitely Nakayama-san!
GINTOKI: Anybody but Shazzan-san!
Nakayama: Which one do you like?
Nakayama: I prefer the one with black hair.
Hijikata: And what the hell is that?
Hijikata: Why is Battle Fairy Shazzan\Nworking in a dental clinic?!
Hijikata: What the hell is Battle Fairy Shazzan?!
Dr. Yabuta: Which do you want to look at you?
Both: {\an3}I want Nakayama-san!
Both: {\an1}I want Nakayama-san!
Dr. Yabuta: Sakata-san was a little faster.
Dr. Yabuta: Then Sakata-san will\Nhave Nakayama-san.
Hijikata: Wait!
GINTOKI: Right on...
GINTOKI: I dodged a bullet there.
Nakayama: The name's Nakayama.
GINTOKI: Y-You're Nakayama?!
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: Hold on!
GINTOKI: You totally look like a\NBattle Fairy Shazzan!
GINTOKI: You're obviously not Nakayama-san!
Hijikata: Suck on that.
Hijikata: but I guess this lady was Battle\NFairy Shazzan-san.
Shazzan: I am Battle Fairy Shazzan.
Shazzan: I'll be taking care of you.
Hijikata: Why?!
Both: Roger.
Hijikata: So Nakayama-san and Shazzan-san\Nare both battle fairies?!
Shazzan: and also provide operating services\Nto prevent any future cavities.
Hijikata: That's way beyond a dentist's job!
Nakayama: Then we'll move on to an explanation\Nof your options.
Nakayama: Option A provides treatment of your cavity\Nand surgery to modify your body.
Nakayama: Option B provides surgery to modify\Nyour body and comes with free drinks.
GINTOKI: Option B has nothing to do with my teeth!
GINTOKI: Why are there free drinks?!
GINTOKI: Isn't there an option that skips the surgery\Nand gets my cavity treated?
Nakayama: You'll save money by choosing Option A instead\Nof getting the treatment and surgery separately.
GINTOKI: I just want to get this cavity treated!
Nakayama: Then I would recommend\Neither Option Z or X.
GINTOKI: What are those?
Nakayama: Option Z includes a massage when\Nyou get your cavity treated.
Nakayama: Option X includes a salad bar\Nwhen you get treatment.
Nakayama: With the massage?
Nakayama: Roger.
GINTOKI: Whew... I managed to avoid the surgery.
GINTOKI: They attached a massage girl!
GINTOKI: I ended up getting modified!
GINTOKI: And this has nothing to do\Nwith preventing cavities!
GINTOKI: This thing has no intention\Nof doing its job!
GINTOKI: Couldn't they give me a higher\Nquality girl at least?!
Nakayama: Allow me to explain.
Nakayama: which means that the robot\NPleasure Fort Betty
Nakayama: appears as an actual massage\Ngirl to Sakata-san.
Nakayama: Our service is perfect.
Hijikata: That was close!
Hijikata: I was about to end up the same way!
Hijikata: But I already learned that I should think\Ncarefully from the battle fairy deal.
Hijikata: Option X!
Hijikata: Treatment with a salad bar service.
Hijikata: This is the right answer.
Shazzan: Roger.
Hijikata: No way you can attach\Na salad bar to a body.
Hijikata: Thanks. Your failure saved me\Nfrom making the same mistake.
Hijikata: [Note: "Baa" here is used to mean "old lady" not "bar"]
Hijikata: Th-They gave me a Salad Baa!
Hijikata: They got me!
Hijikata: This is what they meant\Nby a "salad bar"?!
Hijikata: And what's the point of this?!
Hijikata: She's just sitting there eating salad!
Hijikata: And she's using dressing\Ninstead of mayonnaise!
Hijikata: This just sucks!
Hijikata: I'll have to watch this old lady eat salad\Nwithout mayo for the rest of my life?!
GINTOKI: Preparations?!
GINTOKI: What could this possibly prepare us for?!
Shazzan: Then we'll begin the actual\Ntreatment now.
Hijikata: Treat my body before you treat my teeth!
Hijikata: Give me back my original body!
Nakayama: Open wide.
Nakayama: Please relax.
Nakayama: There's nothing to be scared of.
GINTOKI: You're damn scary!
Shazzan: Open wide.
Shazzan: Your face will be blown\Noff if it touches the drill.
Hijikata: That huge-ass drill can't fit in my mouth!
Nakayama: Don't worry.
Nakayama: The modifications mean that your body\Nwill suffer less from the treatment.
Shazzan: Well? There shouldn't be much pain.
GINTOKI: Now that you mention it...
Hijikata: It doesn't hurt at all.
Nakayama: but that puts a heavier\Nburden on the patient.
Shazzan: The surgery modifies your body to cope with\Nthe care and allow for safe treatment.
GINTOKI: This stopped being safe when\Nyou modified our bodies!
Both: Hold on a second...
Both: Is all the damage being\Nshifted over to them?!
Hijikata: It's pretty hard to relax\Nwhile that's going on.
GINTOKI: Is that okay?! Huh?!
GINTOKI: No! Stop!
GINTOKI: Don't look at me like that!
GINTOKI: What? Is it my fault?!
GINTOKI: Was I wrong?!
Hijikata: This isn't my fault.
GINTOKI: Huh? What is this?
GINTOKI: I've got this weird image in my mind.
GINTOKI: Hey! What is this?
GINTOKI: Like my life is flashing before my eyes?
GINTOKI: Or is this Betty's life?
GINTOKI: And what's with the fake memories?!
GINTOKI: I don't remember anything\Nlike that happening!
GINTOKI: Stop! Don't show me that creepy stuff!
GINTOKI: I didn't do anything wrong!
GINTOKI: This has nothing to do with me!
GINTOKI: I'm the one who was modified\Nand getting screwed!
Hijikata: Huh? What is this?
Hijikata: Strange images are flowing\Ninto my mind.
Hijikata: The salad old lady's life is\Nflashing before my eyes?!
Hijikata: And she has no actual memories!
Hijikata: It's all about vegetables!
Hijikata: Are you okay with this?!
Hijikata: Dying without any decent memories...
Hijikata: I don't give a damn about\Na salad old lady!
Both: It's not my fault! It's not my\Nfault! It's not my fault!
Both: It's not my fault! It's not my\Nfault! It's not my fault!
Both: Yeah!
Both: We didn't do anything...
Nurse B: This isn't a dental clinic.
GINTOKI: I know.
Nurse B: You should go see a dentist.
Hijikata: We don't care about the cavities.
Hijikata: It'll rot and fall out soon enough.
Nurse B: Then why are you here?
Both: {\an1}Please fix her...
Both: {\an3}Please fix her...
GINTOKI: Clean out your ears and listen good!
Both: Okay!\NWill do!
GINTOKI: Next time on GinTama the anime...\N"Countdown Begins"!
GINTOKI: Huh? Why isn't there any reaction?
Shinpachi: Come on...
Shinpachi: ["Countdown Begins"]
Kagura: We're not falling for that again.
Shinpachi: [The countdown finally begins\Nfor GinTama the anime.]
 Name:  Text
Shinpachi: Was it just the usual...?
GINTOKI: Another fake ending scam?
GINTOKI: Of course not.
GINTOKI: We're actually having\Na countdown today.
GINTOKI: I'm a grown-up. I'm not\Ngoing to lie every time.
GINTOKI: It's a matter of trust.
Kagura: You think that people\Nstill trust this show?
GINTOKI: Where did you learn to be so hateful?!
Shinpachi: We said we're entering the "final chapter"\Naround the same time last year.
Shinpachi: That means we've been in the "final\Nchapter" for a whole year.
Shinpachi: Plus there was the whole fake last episode\Nfiasco at the end of our third year.
GINTOKI: It wasn't meant to trick the audience.
Kagura: The phones at TV Tokyo were ringing non-stop\Nright from the start of that episode.
Shinpachi: Sunrise became the number\None searched term on the net.
Shinpachi: The script actually had me saying\Nthat Sunrise went bankrupt.
Shinpachi: Do you have any idea what it means\Nto be a publicly traded company?!
Kagura: It looks like GinTama is ending.\NDo you have another job lined up?
Kagura: Why would you want to trick your family?
GINTOKI: That's why we're actually having\Na countdown today.
Shinpachi: Are you sure?
Kagura: Is the GinTama anime really\Nhaving a countdown?
GINTOKI: Really! Look at my eyes!
GINTOKI: Do I look like I'm lying?
GINTOKI: So let's begin the GinTama\Nanime countdown!
GINTOKI: Coming up next!
Shinpachi: Did he just dismiss me?!
GINTOKI: Wow! Good evening to everyone\Nwatching Countdown GinTama!
Shinpachi: {\an4}Huh? What is this?
GINTOKI: Thank you for sending in your votes!
Shinpachi: {\an4}Wh-Why're we CGI?
GINTOKI: Now let's get right to it!
GINTOKI: Number one for the best GinTama\Nlines ranking is...
GINTOKI: Count...
All: Down!
Bansai: Gintoki Sakata... You are a ghost.
Bansai: You once tried to protect this country\Nalong with Shinsuke and the others.
Bansai: You are obsessed and unable to let go.
Bansai: You are a living ghost!
Bansai: There is no longer anything\Nfor you to protect!
Bansai: Ghosts should go back\Nwhere they belong.
Bansai: I'll play a requiem!
Bansai: The strings...!
Bansai: When did he get ahold of my strings?
Bansai: What're you waiting for? Fire!
GINTOKI: Clean out your ears and listen up!
GINTOKI: I've never once fought for the\Nsake of this cheap country.
GINTOKI: I couldn't care less...
GINTOKI: if this country or samurai\Nfell. I have always...
GINTOKI: What I protect...
GINTOKI: has never changed!
GINTOKI: Okay!
GINTOKI: Then, and now, what I protect\Nhas never changed!
GINTOKI: The main characters in a\NJUMP Anime always rule.
GINTOKI: Even machine gun bullets\Nwere swerving around me.
Shinpachi: Now hold it right there!
Shinpachi: This really is just a Count Down TV!!
Shinpachi: [Note: Count Down TV. A late night Japanese music ranking\Nshow that is hosted by CG animated characters.]
GINTOKI: Yep! Gin-san never lies!
Shinpachi: but you still tricked the audience!
Kagura: We got caught up in the flow\Nand yelled "Down!" with you.
Kagura: Is this the annual recap episode that we do\Nright before the start of the Fall season?
GINTOKI: Exactly.
GINTOKI: So we have to throw in a recap episode.
Shinpachi: Will you stop with the graphic\Nproduction details?
GINTOKI: That's right!
GINTOKI: The entire fourth year of the GinTama anime is like\Na bonus that came with the previous three years.
Shinpachi: Don't be so brutal!
GINTOKI: We'll continue with the best lines ranking!
Kagura: And when was the poll\Nfor this even done?
GINTOKI: It was a legitimate vote...
GINTOKI: In Shonen JUMP...
Shinpachi: How long ago was that?!
GINTOKI: Count...
All: Down!
Kondo: You idiot!
Kondo: Why do you always put all\Nthe burden on yourself?
Kondo: So you plan on being the bad\Nguy all by yourself too?
Kondo: ...About Mitsuba-dono!
Kuraba: What a pity.
Kuraba: To lose one of her old friends.
Kuraba: I really wanted to be on good\Nterms with you people.
Kuraba: then I could run my business\Nwithout any restrictions.
Kuraba: but who knew she was that sick?
Kuraba: I loved her.
Kuraba: But only as a tool.
Sogo: I just want her to taste a bit of happiness\Nlike other people before she dies.
Toshi: I won't call you a bastard.
Toshi: I'm no better.
Toshi: I've done more than my\Nshare of bad things.
Kuraba: No wonder they call you\Nthe demon Vice-Chief.
Kuraba: I think you and I will get along well.
Toshi: That's really...
Toshi: ...an exaggeration.
Toshi: I just...
Toshi: ...want the girl I love to be happy.
Shinpachi: He knows how to be a man.
Shinpachi: That was awesome.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Gin-san? You seem to have\Na problem with the ranking.
GINTOKI: Damn right I do!
Kagura: That's right.
Kagura: any serious line from him ends\Nup sounding like a joke!
GINTOKI: Right!
Toshi: We've run out of mayonnaise!!
Hijikata: I-It...
Hijikata: It's stuck!
Shinpachi: You two really are evil.
Shinpachi: That was a horrible selection!
All: Down!
Katsura: So this is the end of the line?
Katsura: let us finish as warriors\Nand slash our bellies.
GINTOKI: Don't be stupid.
GINTOKI: Stand up.
GINTOKI: why don't you live your life\Nbeautifully to the end?
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: but we've never seen\Nthose images on TV?
Kagura: Zura and Gin-chan seemed\Nreally high quality too.
GINTOKI: No worries. No worries.
GINTOKI: And don't be concerned about footage from\Nlast year's anime tour being mixed in.
Shinpachi: Wait! Are we okay with this?!
Shinpachi: Doesn't that involve a bunch of copyright\Nissues and other stuff we can't mention?!
GINTOKI: It's fine.
GINTOKI: The producers are in their suits and\Nexplaining it to everybody right now.
Shinpachi: It's not fine then!
GINTOKI: Then we'll continue the ranking\Nafter the commercials!
Kagura: This will keep dragging on.
Takahashi: Good evening to everyone watching\NCount Down GinTama.
Takahashi: This is Hitomi Takahashi and...
All: The BEAT CRUSADERS!
All: Wo ai ni!
Kagura: A big thank you to Miss Hitomi Takahashi\Nand the BEAT CRUSADERS!
GINTOKI: Wrong!
GINTOKI: [Note: Referring to the stunt they\Npulled back in Episode #165]
Shinpachi: You have a point.
Shinpachi: Then we'll continue with the Best\NGinTama Lines Ranking!
Shinpachi: Count...
Shinpachi: Down!
Tendo Sect member: He did pretty well for a human.
GINTOKI: It'll take more than a blow like\Nthat...to break my soul!
Guy: You've made an enemy of\Nthe entire Harusame gang!
GINTOKI: Yeah? So what? You won't\Nbe around to see it.
GINTOKI: is my country!
Okita: Don't you understand?
Okita: This is what you call a battle of\Nvengeance. Avenging a killer?
Okita: There's nothing to gain. I know that.
Kagura: Cut it out already!
Kagura: Stupid curlyhead!
Kagura: we end up with all these examples\Nof you saying serious stuff!
Kagura: Are you okay with that?
Kagura: You don't care if this GinTama ranking\Nis filled only with serious lines?!
GINTOKI: I didn't make this ranking.
GINTOKI: This was the united opinion of\Neverybody watching GinTama.
Shinpachi: I can't accept this.
Shinpachi: And I doubt any of my lines\Nare going to show up.
GINTOKI: Don't backstab me!
Kagura: It'll feel more like GinTama\Nwith a little editing.
Kagura: Down!
GINTOKI: It'll take more than a blow like\Nthat...to break my XXX!
GINTOKI: is my XXX!
Okita: I won't be XXX to XXX with myself.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: My awesome lines!
GINTOKI: it'll sound like I'm saying\Nsomething obscene!
Kagura: That's the Gin-chan we know and love!
GINTOKI: {\q1}[Note: Referring to the 1996 Anime "Ganbarist! Shun". The title character was voiced by Shinpachi's voice actor.]
Shinpachi: Who are you calling Ganbarist?!
Shinpachi: set to Otsu-chan's music! Here we go!
GINTOKI: My XXXX will break.
GINTOKI: I will XXX my XXX standing tall!
Song: There's nothing to be scared of.
Song: Because you're here with me.
Song: I'm ready now.
Song: So there won't be any turning back.
Song: An indecisive big-wig can go to hell.
Song: Because too much foul play\Ncan get real dangerous.
Song: Now!
Song: Screw regulations and keep rollin' on.
Song: To a fresh and new world.
Song: Censorship can go suck it!
Song: Who needs any brakes?
Song: Censorship can go suck it!
Song: I only follow what's in my heart.
Song: Censorship can go suck it!
Song: Not my fault if the apology was rewritten.
Song: Censorship can go suck it!
Song: There's no turning back now.
Shinpachi: Thank you Tsu Terakado-chan!
Kagura: We have two more lines left.
Kagura: The ninth and tenth place ones.
Kagura: Isn't it usually the other way around?
GINTOKI: Right? Don't you love how\Nthis show is fizzling out?
GINTOKI: How we obviously didn't plan ahead...
GINTOKI: Ninth place is that usual one-liner.
GINTOKI: Enjoy yourselves.
GINTOKI: Count...
All: Down!
GINTOKI: You're Zura..
GINTOKI: Kotaro Zura?!
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Captain Katsura!
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not monk. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Zurako.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
Katsura: It's not Fruit Punch Samurai. It's Katsura!
Katsura: It's not part-timer. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not you. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Matsu (Pine Tree).
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not kid. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Mr. K. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Mr. K. Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Mario. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Master. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: I'm not okay and it's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura. It's Katsura.
Katsura: It's not Zura-chi. I'm Ill Smith.
Shinpachi: Enough already!
Shinpachi: How many times does he need\Nto introduce himself?!
Kagura: It stopped making sense\Nabout halfway through.
Kagura: Like a guest that barfs and falls.
Shinpachi: Don't you mean Gestaltzerfall?
Kagura: Whose line will take the last spot?
Shinpachi: I sense a glimmer of hope now that\Nwe're down to the tenth spot.
GINTOKI: Then here's the final best line!
All: Count...
All: Down!
Okita: Today's Sunday.
Okita: Yer such a moron!
Toshi: Today is Tuesday!
Toshi: You nitwit...
Toshi: What if the Anti-Foreigner Faction stormed\Nthis place while you were goofing off?!
Toshi: Take this job seriously.
Okita: When do I ever not take\Nthis job seriously?
All: Wait! You again?!
Hata: Right? You can't hold one\Nof these without me.
GINTOKI: Bastard...
GINTOKI: Do you have any idea how many complaints we got from\Nthe fans when you did a voice-over on Takasugi?!
Hata: Two?
Shinpachi: Are you kidding me?!
Shinpachi: It just had to be Okita-san!
Kagura: I might need to go barf and fall.
Shinpachi: Ah!
Shinpachi: What? Hey!
Shinpachi: Hold on!
Hata: Allow me to handle this.
Hata: No worries.
Hata: Then I'll present my own version of\Nthe best GinTama lines ranking.
Hata: Count...
Hata: Down!
Shinpachi: What?!
Hata: It's not Zura. It's Katsura!
Hata: My soul will break.
Hata: is my country.
Hata: It'll take more than a blow like\Nthat...to break my soul!
Hata: why don't you live your life\Nbeautifully to the end?
Hata: I just want the girl I love to be happy.
Hata: Bansai.
Hata: You can't get attuned to my song?
Shinpachi: Now this is just ugly.
Jiraia: It existed long ago...
Jiraia: but the moon existed back then.
Jiraia: [...he returns.]
 Name:  Text
Jiraia: I never would have imagined this.
Jiraia: To be able to see the moon\Nfrom Yoshiwara...
Jiraia: No...
Jiraia: It existed long ago...
Jiraia: but the moon existed back then.
Tsukuyo: Again?
Hyakka A: The seventh one this month.
Tsukuyo: We can no longer ignore this.
Tsukuyo: will never be able to recover.
Hyakka B: Also...
Jiraia: Of course.
Tsukuyo: I see.
Jiraia: Excuse me.
Jiraia: Tsukuyo.
Jiraia: Tsukuyo.
Jiraia: give up on being a woman.
Jiraia: You may not be the sun which\Nshines above the people.
Jiraia: will protect you.
Tsukuyo: Ma-
Seita: Gin-san and everybody are here!
Seita: Wake up already!
Seita: I'm gonna leave without ya!
Tsukuyo: I'm coming.
Tsukuyo: Go on ahead.
Seita: Don't forget to spruce yourself up.
Tsukuyo: And you still look as much like\Na burnt field as ever.
GINTOKI: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?!
GINTOKI: You'd better not be talking about my hair!
Shinpachi: Could you two please stop fighting?
Seita: Huh?
Hinowa: Could you wait outside for a moment?
Seita: What?!
Seita: Hold on!
Seita: I haven't even been in\Na close-up shot yet!
Seita: That's all the screen time I get?!
Kagura: You should be glad that everyone\Nwas able to see you so happy.
Seita: No way!
Seita: {\a6}Screw them.
Seita: {\a6}Stupid show.
Seita: {\a6}I even sat back from the TV in a well-lit\Nroom every week to watch this show.
GINTOKI: I didn't come here to work today.
Hinowa: Pretty please? Savior of Yoshiwara?
Tsukuyo: There is certainly more freedom in\NYoshiwara after Hosen's death.
Tsukuyo: and other crimes committed by\Nthe Anti-Foreigner Faction.
Tsukuyo: The members of the Hyakka\Naren't able to keep up.
Tsukuyo: The biggest problem in Yoshiwara\Nat the moment
Tsukuyo: would be the sale of illegal drugs.
Tsukuyo: Prostitutes whose bodies and\Nsouls have been worn out
Tsukuyo: turn to drugs for a moment of pleasure.
Tsukuyo: but they've already spread far\Nand wide in the shadows.
Tsukuyo: There's one man running most\Nof the business in Yoshiwara.
Tsukuyo: He has many names.
Tsukuyo: Not only names.
Tsukuyo: He has multiple titles and faces.
Tsukuyo: But I doubt that any are\Ngrounded in reality.
Tsukuyo: and watches as this town\Ncollapses around him.
GINTOKI: How are we supposed to\Ncatch a guy like that?
GINTOKI: I barely deserve the title\Nof Yoshiwara's Savior.
GINTOKI: You should know.
GINTOKI: I'm doing business under the table here.
Tsukuyo: Don't worry.
Tsukuyo: I have a lead.
GINTOKI: What?
Tsukuyo: I saw a spider.
Tsukuyo: A spider tattoo on that man's neck...
GINTOKI: I'll have to let myself be caught.
GINTOKI: In the spider web.
Tsukuyo: They all have spider tattoos?
GINTOKI: The Benigumoto (Red Spiders).
GINTOKI: This gambling parlor is on their turf.
GINTOKI: but they're the ones claiming to be
GINTOKI: A bunch of thieves willing to do anything.
GINTOKI: but there may be a connection.
GINTOKI: You should get going.
GINTOKI: I'll stand out if I have a woman with me.
Tsukuyo: Fool.
Tsukuyo: How could the leader of the Hyakka\Nrun away at this point?
GINTOKI: You're the type that's guaranteed\Nto press charges
GINTOKI: if my elbow happens to poke\Nyour boob on a packed train.
Tsukuyo: Then go ahead and touch me.
Tsukuyo: I don't mind.
GINTOKI: Huh?
Tsukuyo: I won't let myself be taken lightly.
Tsukuyo: Touch me.
GINTOKI: I'm not going to touch you.
GINTOKI: I don't want any unnecessary trouble.
Tsukuyo: You won't run into any To Love-Ru.
Tsukuyo: Fool.
Tsukuyo: Just touch me already.
GINTOKI: Wake up to find a naked girl in your bed.
GINTOKI: Trip and dive into another girl's crotch.
GINTOKI: Even your little sister doesn't mind.
Tsukuyo: Touch me already!
GINTOKI: Cut it out!
GINTOKI: A girl shouldn't say stuff like that!
GINTOKI: You're supposed to save that\Nphrase for when it counts...
GINTOKI: A spider!
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: This is...
Tsukuyo: Wh-What...
Tsukuyo: What do you think you're doing?!
GINTOKI: Hey...
GINTOKI: This isn't how you said it'd be?
Tsukuyo: Zip it.
Tsukuyo: You have no right to talk.
Guy: Uh...
Guy: Who are you people?
Guy: Which gang y'all from?
Guy: Why ya peekin' in our place?
Guy: 'Fess up.
GINTOKI: I was getting some puff-puff action.
Guy: Like hell you were!
Guy: Come up with a better lie!
Tsukuyo: Don't insinuate anything weird.
GINTOKI: Nothing suspicious about us at all.
Guy: You'd be pretty damn suspicious if that\Nwas what you were actually doing!
GINTOKI: We're a couple of thugs who wanna\Njoin the Benigumoto.
Tsukuyo: Wha-?!
Guy: What? Thugs?
Guy: head of the Benigumoto?
GINTOKI: No way.
GINTOKI: I never meant to offend you.
Guy: Who are you calling Unkie Turd?!
Guy: I've just been a little constipated lately.
GINTOKI: We're a married thug couple.
Tsukuyo: Huh?!
GINTOKI: Both of us are intent on joining\Nthe Benigumoto together.
GINTOKI: Right? We're a couple of thugs.
Tsukuyo: Wha...?!
GINTOKI: We had our kids grow mullets.
GINTOKI: And we force them to\Nwear tattoo jackets.
Tsukuyo: That's right.
Tsukuyo: I lead a gang of girls.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki was top dog at West High.
Tsukuyo: I was attracted to his lone wolf attitude\Nand got knocked up and married at 17.
Tsukuyo: Rode the winds of Shonan during pregnancy\Nand ended up with twins.
Tsukuyo: Dia and Block have hair\Ndown to their waist now.
Tsukuyo: Don't take me lightly.
Tsukuyo: if I wanted to.
Tsukuyo: And here's a heads-up.
Tsukuyo: My husband is a hundred\Ntimes stronger than me.
Unkai: Your husband's been skewered.
Tsukuyo: Wha-?
GINTOKI: You threw it without any warning.
GINTOKI: Say something next time.
Tsukuyo: Sorry.
Unkai: It can never hurt to have\Ntoo many bodyguards.
Unkai: Work your asses off.
Tsukuyo: these Benigumoto have absolutely\Nnothing to do with the case?
Tsukuyo: What will happen to us?
GINTOKI: and that's the end of that.
Tsukuyo: Don't you mean the end of us?
GINTOKI: Huh? What do we do then?
GINTOKI: Go pole vaulting? In Hawaii or something?
GINTOKI: Don't worry about it.
GINTOKI: It's probably going to a drug warehouse.
GINTOKI: We'll find a link there.
GINTOKI: Where are we going?
GINTOKI: Isn't that nice?
GINTOKI: I happened to be hungry.
Tsukuyo: What exactly did you come here for?
Tsukuyo: And what kind of business do they\Nhave with a kamaboko plant?
GINTOKI: Some kind of new drug that's\Nmade from kamaboko?
Tsukuyo: What plan?!
Tsukuyo: These people just want\Nto steal kamaboko!
Tsukuyo: Illegal drug team and kamaboko team?
Tsukuyo: What kind of selection is that?
Tsukuyo: The sight of that pink layer\Nmakes me want to hurl.
GINTOKI: Oh really...
GINTOKI: Then I'll grab sasa-kamaboko for you.
GINTOKI: [Note: Sasa-kamaboko = white\Nleaf-shaped kamaboko]
Tsukuyo: Why are you joining in\Nthe kamaboko raid?!
Tsukuyo: We managed to get on the drug team.
Tsukuyo: Are they planning on risking\Ntheir lives for kamaboko?
GINTOKI: Probably.
GINTOKI: We're fine.
Tsukuyo: There are this many spider tattoos on\Npeople besides the Benigumoto...
GINTOKI: It appears that thieves and Faction members\Nhave been gathered from all over.
GINTOKI: The gang we're in is like the company\Nyou'd outsource your grunt work to.
Tsukuyo: I suppose so.
Tsukuyo: What could a bunch of kamaboko\Nthieves be good for?
Tsukuyo: However...
Tsukuyo: We've found a lead.
Tsukuyo: The one single lead that will take us
Tsukuyo: to the nest of the boss spider.
Shinpachi: Who is that man?
Tsukuyo: Shoot! We've been spotted!
Tsukuyo: He wasn't a common criminal after all.
Tsukuyo: His sharp detection skill
Tsukuyo: and his kunai weapon.
Tsukuyo: A ninja?
GINTOKI: Damn! We're completely surrounded!
GINTOKI: Baby spiders crawling all over the place.
GINTOKI: This is why I hate spiders!
Tsukuyo: You return to Yoshiwara and notify\NHinowa and the Hyakka about this!
GINTOKI: Don't be joking!
GINTOKI: You think I'll leave a girl behind\Nin a nest full of sleazy men?!
GINTOKI: I'm the one staying!
Tsukuyo: I'm the one who brought\Nyou into this mess.
Tsukuyo: I'll follow behind shortly.
Tsukuyo: Stop treating me as a woman.
GINTOKI: you sure talk big!
Tsukuyo: I wish to stay as your equal.
Jiraia: Tsukuyo.
Tsukuyo: Don't shake up my feelings any further.
Jiraia: You're the one
Jiraia: who's not paying attention.
Tsukuyo: How can you be alive?!
GINTOKI: Who the hell are you?!
Zenzo: You don't have a chance against him.
Hinowa: The Original Head of the Hyakka...
Jiraia: I alone will protect you.
Tsukuyo: Master?!
 Name:  Text
Tsukuyo: I saw a spider.
Tsukuyo: A spider tattoo on that man's neck...
GINTOKI: I'll have to let myself be caught.
GINTOKI: In the spiderweb.
Tsukuyo: I'm the one who brought\Nyou into this mess.
Tsukuyo: I'll follow behind shortly.
Tsukuyo: I wish to stay as your equal.
Tsukuyo: Don't shake up my feelings any further.
Jiraia: You're the one
Jiraia: who's not paying attention.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki!
Tsukuyo: Bastard!
Jiraia: You need to shut up.
GINTOKI: Tsukuyo!
Jiraia: You've become so beautiful.
Jiraia: I almost didn't recognize you.
Jiraia: However...
Jiraia: Your soul has become\Nrepulsive to behold.
Jiraia: A tragedy.
Tsukuyo: Who... are you?!
Jiraia: You must be the one\Nwho ruined the moon.
Jiraia: The one who soiled my beautiful moon.
Jiraia: It must have been you.
Jiraia: I see...
Jiraia: Your movements are still sharp\Ndespite the injuries.
Jiraia: I can see how you were\Nable to defeat Hosen.
GINTOKI: Who the hell are you?!
Jiraia: Someone you can trust\Nto watch your back.
Jiraia: Did that bring back the womanhood\Nyou thought to have given up on?
Jiraia: Or could it be...
Jiraia: You've fallen for this man?
Seita: Gin-san and Tsukuyo are really late.
Seita: They should have returned by now.
Hinowa: I hope that they weren't caught\Nup in any trouble.
Kagura: Don't worry. She's with Gin-chan.
Shinpachi: Though the fact that she's with Gin-san\Ngives us something else to worry about.
Shinpachi: We checked all over but we weren't\Nable to learn anything.
Hinowa: It's fine.
Hinowa: I'm sorry about forcing you to do this.
Kagura: Are you talking about Tsukky?
Hinowa: You're the only ones who\Nwould call her that.
Kagura: Does it sound dumb?
Hinowa: I'll call her Tsukky from now on.
Hinowa: She always tries to bear\Nthe burden alone.
Hinowa: I'm always so worried.
Hinowa: Yet she never tries to rely on other\Npeople when something happens.
Hinowa: She's so focused on protecting others that\Nshe doesn't allow others to protect her.
Hinowa: It was the same this time.
Hinowa: She was thinking of how to deal\Nwith this problem by herself.
Hinowa: Acting recklessly without considering\Nthe danger to herself...
Hinowa: I wish she'd be willing to rely on\Nme when there was trouble.
Hinowa: It's because I'm so useless like this...
Hinowa: But it's different with you people.
Hinowa: Able to face you on equal footing\Nand ask for help or offer help.
Hinowa: Able to forget that she's the leader of the\NHyakka and become an ordinary girl.
Hinowa: You people are a true marvel...
Hinowa: feels stupid when we're around you.
Shinpachi: Hinowa-san...
Shinpachi: Was that a compliment? Or an insult?
Hinowa: It makes me happy to see\NTsukuyo look that way.
Hinowa: It doesn't have to involve business.
Hinowa: Please come to see her when\Nyou have a little time.
Hinowa: She needs people like you.
Hinowa: Ever since he died...
Shinpachi: He?
Shinpachi: Who do you mean?
Hinowa: A person who would protect\Nher no matter what.
Jiraia: One who can't give up on being a woman\Ncouldn't possibly protect a thing.
Jiraia: Have you forgotten the pain\Nwhich came with that scar?
Jiraia: Tsukuyo.
Jiraia: give up on being a woman.
Jiraia: How can you protect someone or something
Jiraia: if you're busy ensuring your own safety?
Jiraia: Devotion can only come\Nfrom sacrificing the self.
Jiraia: But devotion to what?
Hinowa: And Tsukuyo respected him in return.
Hinowa: Tsukuyo turned out this way because...
Shinpachi: Who are you talking about?
Jiraia: You may not be the sun which\Nshines above the people.
Jiraia: But I alone know of your lunar beauty\Nwhich secretly illuminates the land.
Jiraia: I alone shall watch over you.
Jiraia: I alone will protect you.
Jiraia: That's right...
Jiraia: I've come to protect your former beauty.
Hinowa: He was one of the strongest\NNinja in Edo.
Hinowa: and ended up in Yoshiwara.
Hinowa: Nobody knows his real name.
Hinowa: He's known as...
Hinowa: Jiraia.
Hinowa: The original head of the Hyakka.
Hinowa: And Tsukuyo's...
Tsukuyo: Ma-
Tsukuyo: Master?!
Tsukuyo: Ma-
Tsukuyo: Master...
Jiraia: So you weren't able to see\Nthrough my disguise.
Jiraia: It's ironic.
Jiraia: yet now that very face serves
Jiraia: as the only proof of my existence.
Jiraia: The face of my identity...
Tsukuyo: Master...
Tsukuyo: How can you be alive?
Tsukuyo: Why are you doing this?!
Jiraia: Isn't it obvious?
Hinowa: He was the one who trained\NTsukuyo from a young age
Hinowa: to create a hardened warrior.
Hinowa: He was the one who made Tsukuyo\Nabandon her life as a woman.
Hinowa: He was the one who created\Nthe Tsukuyo we now know.
Shinpachi: Died?
Hinowa: There was a great fire in Yoshiwara\Nfour years ago.
Hinowa: He died to protect Tsukuyo.
Hinowa: He was never trying to\Nprotect Yoshiwara.
Hinowa: I'm grateful to him for risking\Nhis life to protect her.
Hinowa: For providing her with support\Nthis whole time...
Hinowa: But she remains reluctant\Nto depend on others
Hinowa: because she's walking in his footsteps.
Hinowa: And he probably wasn't even protecting\NTsukuyo as a person.
Hinowa: He was protecting Tsukuyo\Nas his creation.
Jiraia: And you alone...
Jiraia: You were beautiful to behold.
Jiraia: Just like the moon.
Jiraia: Only your beautiful soul remains.
Jiraia: You would have never been perfected\Nas a creation without my aid.
Jiraia: But my existence was also\Npreventing your perfection.
Jiraia: A weak human who had someone to rely\Non could never sacrifice her sense of self.
Jiraia: Once your heart is strong enough to bear
Jiraia: you are able to abandon\Nyour sense of self.
Jiraia: You were perfected when you lost me.
Jiraia: Until you all appeared!
Jiraia: You only need solitude and\Nan enemy for your blade.
Jiraia: You will watch as one who\Nprotects you vanishes.
Jiraia: And a new enemy will be born here\Nto replace your King of Night.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki! Run!
Jiraia: You won't get away.
Jiraia: You are already caught in my web.
GINTOKI: He's floating?!
Tsukuyo: Gintoki!
Tsukuyo: The threads!
Tsukuyo: He's strung up threads all around!
Tsukuyo: We can't beat him here!
Tsukuyo: Run!
GINTOKI: Threads?!
GINTOKI: He's using imperceptible\Nthreads as a foothold?!
GINTOKI: The first set of kunai was\Nfor setting this up?!
Jiraia: By the time you notice
Jiraia: it's already too late.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki!
Jiraia: Gaze at my beautiful moon\Nfrom the afterlife.
Jiraia: No matter.
Jiraia: He won't survive those wounds.
Tsukuyo: Gin...
Tsukuyo: Gintoki...
Zenzo: Not my problem.
Zenzo: I didn't see a thing.
Zenzo: I've been reading JUMP the whole time.
Zenzo: Because Ninjas can read\NJUMP even in the dark.
Zenzo: I have nothing to do with this.
Seita: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Seita: Thank goodness!
Seita: I thought you were gonna die!
Kagura: Are you stupid?
Kagura: It'll take more than this to kill Gin-chan!
Seita: But he was unconscious\Nfor three whole days!
Seita: And these injuries are terrible.
GINTOKI: How did I make it back here?
Zenzo: C'mon! Drink up!
Zenzo: I got a bunch of coupons\Nfrom the Hinowa lady.
Zenzo: I actually used to work for the Shogun.
Zenzo: I find more beauty in ruined buildings
Zenzo: and funky caverns than\Nshiny skyscrapers.
Zenzo: You're a real wreck.
Zenzo: A rare breed.
Zenzo: What happened here?
Zenzo: Were you attacked by a Giant Warrior?
Zenzo: What are these two caverns?
Zenzo: Why are they pointing up?
Zenzo: Can I stick it in?
Zenzo: Can I stick an electric plug in?
Zenzo: Ow...
Zenzo: Bastard!
Zenzo: Is this how you treat the man\Nwho saved your life?
Zenzo: Do you have any idea how hard it was to fish you\Nout of the ocean and drag you down here?!
GINTOKI: What the hell are you babbling about?
GINTOKI: You have no right to talk when you stood\Nby and watched while I was almost killed.
Zenzo: Why would I come to your rescue?
GINTOKI: What the hell were you doing there?
GINTOKI: What happened to Tsukuyo?
Zenzo: Had a little business to take care of.
Zenzo: The pretty girl was taken.
GINTOKI: Where'd they go?
Zenzo: Beats me. I said that I have\Nno interest in pretty girls.
Zenzo: you don't have a chance against him.
Zenzo: Even if you weren't all beat-up.
GINTOKI: but you seem to be very interested\Nin fuglies and old men.
Zenzo: Jiraia the Spider...
Zenzo: He belonged to the last generation.
Zenzo: Because of his dangerous nature.
Zenzo: I'm trying to be helpful.
Zenzo: Give up on the woman.
Zenzo: you're beyond saving.
Jiraia: Are you awake?
Jiraia: How do you feel?
Tsukuyo: Master...
Jiraia: You no longer wish to call me master?
Jiraia: That's fine.
Jiraia: You only need solitude and an enemy.
Tsukuyo: So I'd been struggling in your\Nweb all these years?
Tsukuyo: I believed you.
Tsukuyo: I wanted to follow in your footsteps...
Tsukuyo: But it was all a lie?
Jiraia: What was it that you believed in?
Jiraia: The kind master who gave\Nhis life to protect you?
Tsukuyo: Creating me?
Tsukuyo: You killed him just for that reason?
Jiraia: That's right.
Jiraia: I would have left Yoshiwara alone.
Jiraia: I wouldn't have killed that man either.
Jiraia: And the tragedy that will soon play out
Jiraia: will all be your fault.
Tsukuyo: What do you intend to do?!
Tsukuyo: Wait! Jiraia!
Jiraia: Abandon your sense of self to\Nprotect Yoshiwara and Hinowa.
Jiraia: That was the oath you\Nswore on that scar...
Jiraia: But Yoshiwara has become more\Nthan a place for you to protect.
Jiraia: None of that is necessary.
Jiraia: I shall burn
Jiraia: the cobwebs and roots in your heart.
Tsukuyo: Wait!
Tsukuyo: Jiraia!!
GINTOKI: Screw that.
GINTOKI: Screw that to hell.
GINTOKI: I'll die before I let that son of a\Nbitch call himself her master!
Next Episode Title: ["It's the Irresponsible One Who's\NScary When Pissed."]
Next Episode Title: [Jiraia's spiderweb cloaks all of Yoshiwara.]
Next Episode Title: [See you next week.]
 Name:  Text
Tsukuyo: Master...
Tsukuyo: How can you be alive?
Jiraia: You will watch as one who\Nprotects you vanishes.
Jiraia: And a new enemy will be born here\Nto replace your King of Night.
Jiraia: By the time you notice
Jiraia: it's already too late.
Jiraia: Gaze at my beautiful moon\Nfrom the afterlife.
Tsukuyo: Gin...
Tsukuyo: Gin...
Tsukuyo: Gintoki...
Zenzo: Jiraia the Spider...
Zenzo: He is skilled at spinning threads.
Zenzo: And able to turn any place...
Zenzo: into his web to abuse and\Ndestroy as he pleases.
Zenzo: There wasn't a better thief\Nor assassin around.
Zenzo: But that wasn't what made\Nhim truly feared.
Zenzo: It was his devotion.
Zenzo: Ninjas aren't like you samurai.
Zenzo: We don't carry any devotion\Nto our masters.
Zenzo: We only trust the skills we've developed.
Zenzo: We'll serve anyone who's willing\Nto pay for those skills.
Zenzo: It's no different for us\NOniwabanshu either.
Zenzo: But he was different.
Zenzo: and that devotion was\Nhis only motivation.
Zenzo: I don't mean the young\NShogun in charge now.
Zenzo: He even burned his own\Nface to work undercover.
Zenzo: his very existence for the sake of being\Nable to change identities at will.
GINTOKI: Sacrifice oneself for the country...
Zenzo: but a man who's focused on one thing
Zenzo: will find himself caught in the darkness\Nbefore he realizes it.
Zenzo: The hawks said that this was the\Ntime to fight and show our skills.
Zenzo: and we had a factional\Ndispute on our hands.
Zenzo: A cruel order was delivered.
Zenzo: he was the only possible choice.
Shogun: Your loyalty is wonderful to behold.
Jiraia: I don't mind. I have no comrades.
Jiraia: My web only has room\Nfor me and my prey.
Jiraia: Spiders do not readily eat their prey.
Shogun: I know.
Shogun: They wait for their webbed prey to weaken until\Nit can no longer resist before they feast.
Jiraia: That would be how a normal\Nspider behaves.
Jiraia: I am different.
Jiraia: I do not allow my prey to realize\Nthat it's been caught in my web.
Jiraia: I do not weaken it.
Jiraia: I feed it.
Shogun: Feed them?
Jiraia: Like a loyal retainer...
Jiraia: Like a devoted teacher...
Jiraia: Feed it to fatten it up.
Jiraia: I finally feast.
Jiraia: That is when I'm filled with indescribable\Nemptiness and pleasure.
Jiraia: the more rich my prey tastes.
Jiraia: They were not my prey.
Jiraia: They were merely food.
Jiraia: The prey caught in my web right now
Zenzo: It was over in an instant.
Zenzo: My old man couldn't even see it coming.
Zenzo: history may have taken\Na different direction.
Zenzo: Though I can't say if my old man was\Nprotecting anything worthwhile.
Zenzo: He retired to teach the next generation.
Zenzo: Though he may have just gotten\Nsick of this dirty world.
Zenzo: Jiraia was the monster the Oniwaban failed\Nto eliminate and let loose into the world.
Zenzo: I don't want to fight with that sicko.
Zenzo: Take my word for it.
Zenzo: You should give up as well.
Zenzo: His devotion is to his prey.
Tsukuyo: Yo-Yoshiwara...
Jiraia: The place where the King\Nof Night once ruled.
Jiraia: The stage I've prepared for you\Nto watch everything unfold.
Jiraia: I shall reignite the flames\Nfrom four years ago.
Jiraia: Return everything to zero.
Jiraia: I shall be the one to devour it.
Tsukuyo: Stop!!
Zenzo: Everything around his prey\Nwill be used as food.
Zenzo: he feels supreme pleasure.
Zenzo: I won't be there to save you this time.
Guy: It's a fire!
Guy: Run for it!
Guy: Fires are starting all over the place!
Zenzo: it turns out that this was\Npart of his spiderweb.
GINTOKI: I couldn't ask for any more.
Zenzo: Huh?
GINTOKI: Wanna know the only way to survive\Nwhen caught in a spiderweb?
GINTOKI: You eat off the spider.
Zenzo: Are you...
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: What's going on?!
Kagura: Does this have something to do with\Nthe people who took Tsukky?
Seita: Mom was worried about your injuries\Nso she said that you should run away!
GINTOKI: Thanks.
GINTOKI: Listen up. You'd better not let anyone die.
Kagura: Where are you going in that shape?!
Kagura: You're the one who needs to...
Kagura: Gin-chan?
GINTOKI: I don't like it.
GINTOKI: I don't like it one damn bit!
GINTOKI: I'll die before I let that son of a\Nbitch call himself her master!
Jiraia: Yoshiwara is burning.
Jiraia: This will be the last one.
Jiraia: A large quantity of explosives has been\Nplaced at the end of this thread.
Tsukuyo: Stop!
Tsukuyo: Please stop this!
Jiraia: I love that look on your face.
Jiraia: Are you scared of being alone?
Jiraia: Do you care so much about yourself?
Jiraia: will lead to true beauty and power.
Jiraia: This won't be the end.
Jiraia: You will begin anew from the ashes.
Tsukuyo: Jiraia!!
Jiraia: The threads snapped...?
Jiraia: Threads running in every direction\Nare snapping one after another.
Jiraia: This vibration...
Jiraia: They can no longer move freely\Nafter being caught in my web.
Jiraia: And yet they still attempt to resist?
Kagura: Shinpachi!
Kagura: We're cutting down every last of these!
Kagura: We can't let the fire spread any further!
Shinpachi: We won't let anyone else hurt this town!
Shinpachi: They've all suffered so much!
Shinpachi: They've finally won back their own home!
Shinpachi: Doesn't matter what comes!
Kagura: Doesn't matter how often it comes!
Both: We'll hold strong!
Both: Don't underestimate the\Nsaviors of Yoshiwara!
Hinowa: Team one will work on\Nputting out the fires.
Hinowa: Team two will help anyone\Nwho didn't escape in time.
Hinowa: Team three will tear down buildings\Nto slow down the fire.
Hinowa: Listen carefully.
Hinowa: The Hyakka don't have enough\Npeople to deal with this.
Hinowa: You should all do whatever you can.
Hinowa: We must protect our own town.
Hinowa: She'll return.
Hinowa: I'm sure she will.
Hinowa: So we must protect the\Nplace she will return to.
Hinowa: The place where she belongs.
Tsukuyo: Everyone...
Jiraia: A futile effort.
Jiraia: It is impossible to escape\Nfrom the threads.
Jiraia: It is impossible to survive.
Jiraia: They're all doomed to become food.
Hinowa: You people...!
Hyakka: No!
Hyakka: The bandits are using the\Nfire as an opportunity to...!
Hyakka: Lady Hinowa!
Seita: Mom!
Hinowa: Kunai?
Zenzo: I dropped my kunai.
Zenzo: I have no idea what's going on.
Zenzo: I didn't see a thing.
Zenzo: I've been reading JUMP the whole time.
Zenzo: I'm obviously not lending a hand here.
Shinpachi: Zenzo-san!
Zenzo: How much will you offer for my skills?
Hinowa: You come to Yoshiwara to sell yourself\Ninstead of buying a woman?
Zenzo: but I guess hotties aren't that bad either.
Zenzo: Don't mind about us. Get back to work.
Zenzo: This VIP ticket won't be worth anything\Nif the place burns down.
Shinpachi: That's reckless! There\Nare too many of them!
Zenzo: The bastard stole the big job.
Zenzo: I'll have to make do with this.
Zenzo: I'll show you how scary\Na real ninja can be.
Zenzo: Pop out your eyeballs\Nand watch carefully.
Zenzo: My moves will be over in a instant.
Zenzo: Zenzo Hattori of the Marishiten...
Zenzo: has come to play!
Jiraia: So they cut of all my threads.
Jiraia: but I may have overdone it...
Tsukuyo: Please stop this.
Tsukuyo: Please stop doing this.
Tsukuyo: It was... It was all my fault.
Tsukuyo: I'll leave this place.
Tsukuyo: I'll no longer rely on others.
Tsukuyo: I'll no longer get involved\Nwith other people.
Tsukuyo: I'll live alone.
Tsukuyo: I'll live as you tell me to.
Tsukuyo: you can kill me.
Tsukuyo: So please stop this.
Tsukuyo: Don't... hurt...
Tsukuyo: Don't hurt my precious friends any more.
Tsukuyo: I shall sacrifice my very existence\Nfor my friends.
Jiraia: No!!
Jiraia: That's not what I wanted from you!
Jiraia: Why can't you understand?!
Jiraia: Why must your soul be so weak?!
Jiraia: Why can't you reach my strength?!
Jiraia: Why can't you become me?
Jiraia: So I could kill you with my own hands.
Jiraia: I devote myself to my webbed prey the way\Na servant devotes himself to his master.
Jiraia: And then I feast when my prey has\Nbecome beautiful and succulent.
Jiraia: It's like dominoes.
Jiraia: the more emptiness and pleasure\Nyou feel when you destroy it.
Jiraia: Desire which can never be quenched.
Jiraia: It only grows stronger\Nwith each new prey.
Jiraia: The answer I finally arrived at was you.
Jiraia: I want to kill myself.
Jiraia: The mere thought sends\Nshivers down my spine.
Jiraia: There could be nothing better.
Jiraia: What else could give a\Ngreater sense of loss?
Jiraia: The embodiment of carnage with\Na strong soul and strong body
Jiraia: who could stand alone\Nwithout relying on others.
Jiraia: I thought you could do it.
Jiraia: I didn't expect you to sink so low.
Jiraia: I would have killed you when\Nyou were still beautiful.
Jiraia: Such a failure.
Jiraia: I can see that the deaths of your\Nfriends won't be enough.
Jiraia: How do I make you become like me?
Jiraia: How do I make you become\Nas strong as me?
Jiraia: I'll flay the skin off of you.
Jiraia: No one will realize your existence if your\Nbody becomes unrecognizable like mine.
Jiraia: Your friends won't recognize you.
Jiraia: I'm sure you'll become as strong as I am.
Jiraia: I'm sure you'll become just like me...
GINTOKI: Hey...
GINTOKI: Get your hands off her.
GINTOKI: Get your stinkin' hands off this woman.
Jiraia: Y-You're...?!
Tsukuyo: Gi-Ginto...
Tsukuyo: Gin...toki...
GINTOKI: Take me as your student...
All: Ginpachi Sensei!
GINTOKI: My name is Junpei Masuda.
GINTOKI: I love GinTama.
GINTOKI: That is why I'll become a manga\Nartist like Mr. Sorachi.
GINTOKI: [Note: Creator of GinTama]
GINTOKI: You probably haven't realized this...
GINTOKI: You're probably better off
GINTOKI: [Note: Creator of Naruto]
Next Episode Title: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
Shoyo: I came after hearing about\Na corpse-eating demon...
Shoyo: Would that be you?
Shoyo: A rather cute demon.
Shoyo: Did you also take that from a corpse?
Shoyo: That's very impressive.
Shoyo: should be thrown away.
Shoyo: I shall give you my sword.
Shoyo: If you wish to learn how\Nto properly use it...
Shoyo: Then come with me.
GINTOKI: Hey...
GINTOKI: Get your hands off her.
GINTOKI: Get your stinkin' hands off this woman.
Jiraia: Y-You're...?!
Tsukuyo: Gintoki...
Tsukuyo: Why did you...
Tsukuyo: come here...?
Tsukuyo: Look at yourself...
Tsukuyo: I told you to run...
Tsukuyo: You fool...
GINTOKI: I won't be dying.
GINTOKI: Nobody will be dying.
GINTOKI: I won't let anyone die in Yoshiwara.
GINTOKI: You see...
GINTOKI: We aren't gonna leave you all alone.
Jiraia: You followed my threads\Nto find this place?
Jiraia: Commendable.
Jiraia: They say one climbs the spider\Nthread to reach for paradise...
Jiraia: [Note: A reference to Ryunosuke Akutagawa's\N"The Spider's Thread"]
Jiraia: Your idiocy would leave Buddha\Nand Enma both speechless.
GINTOKI: Don't bother telling me to run again.
GINTOKI: Trying to shoulder the burden\Nall by yourself?
GINTOKI: Don't be such a stranger.
GINTOKI: Weep and ask for help.
GINTOKI: Lean on me with your runny nose.
GINTOKI: Cry when you feel like crying.
GINTOKI: Laugh when you feel like laughing.
GINTOKI: I'll give you a good cry\Nwith an uglier face.
GINTOKI: I'll laugh in a louder voice.
GINTOKI: That's how it should be.
GINTOKI: than to throw away yourself\Nand die a clean death.
Jiraia: You offer to carry her burden?
Jiraia: You will help carry Tsukuyo's burden?
Jiraia: Don't you understand?
Jiraia: You are Tsukuyo's burden.
Jiraia: You people are the reason Tsukuyo\Nhas suffered so much.
Jiraia: The reason she's grown so hideous.
Jiraia: I shall prepare you a top class meal.
Jiraia: Of the pathetic worm who followed\Nthe moon into my web.
GINTOKI: I don't give a damn about\Nwho you've betrayed.
GINTOKI: Do whatever you like to the\NShogun or any other lords.
GINTOKI: But you called yourself her master
GINTOKI: and then you betrayed your student...
GINTOKI: who's believed in you\Nsince she was a kid...
GINTOKI: Who's followed in your\Nfootsteps for so long...
GINTOKI: You made her your prey.
GINTOKI: You don't deserve to call\Nyourself her master...
GINTOKI: You don't deserve to\Ncall her your student.
GINTOKI: Get lost.
Jiraia: This man...
Jiraia: His eyes aren't that of a prey.
Jiraia: Nor the eyes of a meal.
Jiraia: My threads are quivering.
Jiraia: My web is reacting to an\Nunprecedented invasion.
Jiraia: That's...
Jiraia: Those eyes are...!
GINTOKI: Jiraia...
GINTOKI: You're the one who's been\Ncaught in a web.
GINTOKI: My web.
GINTOKI: don't expect to leave alive.
GINTOKI: Spill your rotten gut as you die!
Jiraia: A battle between hunters?
Jiraia: Amusing.
Jiraia: I'll show you who the\Nmaster of this web is.
Jiraia: You cannot catch me with those injuries.
Jiraia: Do you intend to escape outside?!
Jiraia: Fool!
GINTOKI: You're the fool.
GINTOKI: Gotcha.
GINTOKI: Let's dig in!
Shoyo: If you wish to learn how\Nto properly use it...
Shoyo: Then come with me.
Shoyo: Not to cut down your enemies.
Shoyo: Not to cut away your weaknesses\Nand protect yourself.
Shoyo: But to protect your very soul.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki!
Jiraia: How...?
Jiraia: How can you have power that rivals mine?
Jiraia: By someone unable to abandon\Ntheir sense of self...
Jiraia: I have sacrificed everything...
Jiraia: All for my prey...
Jiraia: For you...
Jiraia: Yet why...? Why?!
GINTOKI: You still can't understand?
GINTOKI: Some of the things you sacrificed\Nwere too important.
GINTOKI: You abandoned your comrades?
GINTOKI: No.
GINTOKI: You were afraid of losing your comrades.
GINTOKI: You fought alone?
GINTOKI: No!
GINTOKI: You wouldn't have to feel the pain of solitude\Nif you'd been alone to begin with.
GINTOKI: You abandoned your sense of self?
GINTOKI: No.
GINTOKI: You were running away from the pain\Nyou caused and the pain you endured.
GINTOKI: You're just a coward!
GINTOKI: She's far stronger than\Nyou could ever be.
GINTOKI: A coward is enough to deal\Nwith another coward.
GINTOKI: I'm enough to take you.
Jiraia: Silence!
GINTOKI: You don't have the right to\Ncall yourself her master!
GINTOKI: You don't have the strength to shoulder\Na student and their pain!!
Tsukuyo: Gintoki...
GINTOKI: Let's go back.
GINTOKI: To your home...
Tsukuyo: Jiraia! Stop!
GINTOKI: Give up already.
GINTOKI: There's nothing in your web.
GINTOKI: spinning threads into the sky while\Ngazing at the distant moon.
Jiraia: What are you babbling about?
Jiraia: I already knew that long ago.
Tsukuyo: Stop! Jiraia!
Jiraia: Yes...
Jiraia: This is how...
Jiraia: How it should be...
Jiraia: The spider will disappear\Nin a pool of blood.
Jiraia: It doesn't...
Jiraia: feel as good as I expected...
Jiraia: to be killed by myself.
Jiraia: I want to kill myself.
Zenzo: Your goal wasn't to kill the clone\Nyou'd raised and trained.
Jiraia: We met once before.
Jiraia: Have you come to avenge your\Nfather and comrades again?
Zenzo: I lost interest in revenge a long time ago.
Zenzo: I have no interest in crushing a spider\Nwho's fallen to earth.
Zenzo: ...Danzo.
Zenzo: So you've done your research.
Zenzo: Jiraia the Spider.
Zenzo: Real name: Danzo Tobita.
Zenzo: Born to a country samurai in Iga and mastered\Nninja techniques at a young age.
Zenzo: Your natural aptitude had people\Ncalling you a prodigy.
Zenzo: The samurai in Iga were\Nfighting year round.
Zenzo: The Tobita family was one\Nof the larger families in Iga.
Zenzo: The only survivors were you\Nand your still young sister.
Zenzo: You felt ashamed of the skills which kept\Nyou alive while everyone else was killed.
Zenzo: That gave birth to your twisted\Nsense of devotion.
Zenzo: Sacrifice oneself for the country.
Zenzo: You literally sacrificed your sense\Nof self to devote yourself to work.
Zenzo: was to forget your identity and focus on mechanically\Ncarrying out mission after mission.
Zenzo: You used that intoxication\Nto escape the pain.
Sister: No more... No more.
Sister: Stop pushing yourself for my sake.
Sister: Live freely for yourself.
Zenzo: Your sister took her own life.
Zenzo: you still couldn't protect your sister.
Zenzo: And so you attempted to kill yourself\Nin the worst possible way.
Zenzo: and die by her hands.
Zenzo: That was your self-inflicted punishment\Nfor failing to protect your sister.
Jiraia: No...
Jiraia: I was just scared.
Jiraia: I was scared of losing anything else...
Jiraia: A coward who was too scared\Nto bear the burden.
Jiraia: That is why I became drawn to her.
Tsukuyo: I wanna protect Yoshiwara and Hinowa!
Jiraia: The child who tried to shoulder\Neverything on that small back...
Jiraia: That was why I taught\Nyou everything I knew.
Jiraia: I didn't want you to be hurt...
Jiraia: The way I was...
Jiraia: then why shoulder the\Nburden to begin with?
Jiraia: No need for a home or comrades...
Jiraia: But you defied my expectations...
Jiraia: You've managed to find\Nfriends... a home...
Jiraia: You possessed a strength I never did.
Jiraia: I was scared of losing\Nsomeone else again...
Jiraia: You were headed somewhere\Nfar away from me...
Jiraia: I...
Jiraia: ...was trying to draw you back...
Jiraia: To the same fate I suffered...
Jiraia: I was only protecting myself...
Jiraia: And I became tired of myself.
Jiraia: That was all...
Jiraia: yet I'd managed to do it again.
Jiraia: yet I'd managed to do it again.
Jiraia: I am sorry...
Tsukuyo: I wish you had told me this sooner.
Tsukuyo: I wish you had allowed me\Nto share your burden.
Tsukuyo: We would have been able to\Narrive at a different answer.
Tsukuyo: what is the student's duty?
Tsukuyo: To grow strong enough\Nto shoulder the master.
Tsukuyo: You're light...
Tsukuyo: I never knew you were so light...
Jiraia: Yes...
Jiraia: Yes...!
Jiraia: I can see...
Jiraia: A moon more beautiful...
Jiraia: than any...I've ever seen...
Zenzo: That's one helluva student.
Zenzo: so I was never able to do that.
GINTOKI: ...Same here.
Kagura: Tsukuyo-chan!
Kagura: Let's go out and play!
GINTOKI: We're hitting the pachinko parlor.
GINTOKI: ["Watch Out For A Set of Women and A Drink"]
GINTOKI: I'll blow it all for you.
GINTOKI: [Ohh! JUMP-san!! Don't use profanity\Nin the important parts!]
 Name:  Text
Tsukuyo: I wish you had told me this sooner.
Tsukuyo: I wish you had allowed me\Nto share your burden.
Tsukuyo: what is the student's duty?
Tsukuyo: To grow strong enough\Nto shoulder the master.
Tsukuyo: You're light...
Tsukuyo: I never knew you were so light...
Jiraia: Yes...
Jiraia: I can see...
Jiraia: A moon more beautiful...
Jiraia: than any... I've ever seen...
Zenzo: That's one helluva student.
Zenzo: so I was never able to do that.
GINTOKI: ...Same here.
Shinpachi: Reconstruction is coming\Nalong smoothly.
Hinowa: We were able to keep the\Ndamage to a minimum.
Hinowa: Will he be coming by again?
GINTOKI: He's probably drinking at some\Ncabaret full of fuglies.
Hinowa: She's been in her room\Nsince the incident.
Hinowa: Who can blame her?
Hinowa: She went through so much.
Hinowa: And she also feels responsible.
Hinowa: She believes it's her fault\Nthat this happened.
Kagura: But it isn't Tsukky's fault.
Kagura: Should we go cheer her up?
GINTOKI: Just leave her alone.
GINTOKI: She's been working nonstop\Nthis whole time.
GINTOKI: Probably feels like taking\Na break for a change.
Shinpachi: That's true...
Shinpachi: we should take her out.
Shinpachi: It'll be a good change of pace.
GINTOKI: Why are you coming up with ideas\Nthat mean more work for us?
GINTOKI: I won't do it.
GINTOKI: I'm gonna hit the pachinko parlor.
Hinowa: That's a wonderful idea.
Hinowa: Please.
Hinowa: She was always working so she's\Nnever been to the surface.
Hinowa: Introduce her to a place\Nwhere she can relax.
GINTOKI: Weren't you listening to me?
GINTOKI: Rattling off request after request.
Kagura: Tsukuyo-chan!
Kagura: Let's go play!
GINTOKI: We're hitting the pachinko parlor.
GINTOKI: I'll blow it all for you.
Shinpachi: Huh? She isn't here?
GINTOKI: Forget it. Just leave her alone.
GINTOKI: I'm leaving.
GINTOKI: I feel like I'm gonna hit\Nsomething big today.
GINTOKI: ...Jackpot?
Tsukuyo: The hell are you doing?!
Tsukuyo: I see...
Tsukuyo: You all thought I was feeling\Ndown from the incident.
Tsukuyo: Looks like I made everyone worry.
Tsukuyo: Sorry to cause unnecessary concern.
Tsukuyo: You don't need to worry.
GINTOKI: Great to hear.
Tsukuyo: Hinowa would give me an\Nearful if I went out to work.
Tsukuyo: before sneaking outside\Nthrough a side exit.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: You were still working after that?!
Shinpachi: In that condition?!
Tsukuyo: Of course.
Tsukuyo: Yoshiwara has taken a big hit.
Tsukuyo: crime is still a problem in Yoshiwara.
Tsukuyo: I don't have time to sleep\Nor be depressed.
Tsukuyo: I've recovered from my injuries.
Tsukuyo: I should start working in the open
Tsukuyo: and show them that I'm doing fine.
Tsukuyo: There you have it.
Tsukuyo: but I don't need a vacation to rejuvenate.
Tsukuyo: I'm fine now.
Tsukuyo: Thank you for everything.
Shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san hasn't changed.
Hinowa: She's still the same.
Hinowa: Never letting anyone else\Nsee her weak side.
Hinowa: She just doesn't know how to open up.
Kagura: I thought she would have changed\Nafter everything that happened.
Kagura: I guess people can't change so easily.
GINTOKI: She'll let us know when\Nshe's really suffering.
GINTOKI: She just puts that off considerably\Nmore than the average person.
Shinpachi: But Gin-san...
Shinpachi: That just means she's pushing\Nherself too hard.
GINTOKI: Leave her alone.
GINTOKI: There isn't anything for us to do.
Hinowa: I wanted to let her take a break.
Hinowa: Guess that won't happen\Nif she would rather work.
Hinowa: But she'll ruin her health if she\Nkeeps pushing herself like that!
Shinpachi: There wouldn't be any problem\Nif it was that easy.
Shinpachi: Are you telling her to play around\Nor drink while working?
Shinpachi: What kind of job...
Both: Oh...!
GINTOKI: Um...
GINTOKI: I'm flat-out broke.
GINTOKI: Since I lost at pachinko.
GINTOKI: AND also try some seaweed sake?
GINTOKI: Hold it! You shouldn't get nuts involved!
GINTOKI: Cook myself some rice with nuts!
GINTOKI: Is that really okay?!
GINTOKI: I'll come flying at a moment's notice.
GINTOKI: I'll cook nut rice at a moment's notice.
Tsukuyo: W-Welcome.
Tsukuyo: Please enjoy your...
Tsukuyo: Please enjoy your...
GINTOKI: Change!
GINTOKI: Change please!
GINTOKI: Get me a girl who's more friendly!!
Tsukuyo: Why are you here?
GINTOKI: That's my line!
GINTOKI: Why are you...!
GINTOKI: Nobody mentioned this!
GINTOKI: Any drink will taste bad when served\Nby such a grumpy woman.
Tsukuyo: Hinowa requested me to perform\Nthis important job.
Tsukuyo: She said that an important customer\Nwould be coming.
Hinowa: The other girls are busy with Yoshiwara's\Nreconstruction so they can't help.
Hinowa: Could you at least pour a drink for him?
Tsukuyo: I was told that this was an important job.
GINTOKI: T-those bastards got me good...
GINTOKI: So much for providing me service...
GINTOKI: They were just using me to\Nhelp rejuvenate this woman.
Shinpachi: It looks like Gin-san's figured\Nout what's going on.
Hinowa: Tsukuyo isn't the type of girl\Nto rest during her time off.
Hinowa: I have to use the pretense of a\Njob to allow her to take it easy.
Hinowa: Please help her relax.
Hinowa: I'm sure that Gin-san can do it.
Tsukuyo: was also an important job.
Tsukuyo: That I represent the women of\NYoshiwara in thanking you.
Tsukuyo: Is this good enough?
GINTOKI: Do I look like a corrupt politician to you?!
GINTOKI: What kind of appreciation is that?!
GINTOKI: Hinowa would never tell you to do that!
Tsukuyo: But she told me to provide service.
GINTOKI: Not THAT kind of service!
GINTOKI: You really are a woman of Yoshiwara!
Tsukuyo: What am I supposed to do then?
Tsukuyo: I've never been in one\Nof these rooms before.
GINTOKI: Guess I don't have a choice.
GINTOKI: That's your job today.
Hinowa: That's our Gin-san.
Hinowa: He knows what to do.
Hinowa: She looks like a normal girl now.
GINTOKI: Huh?
Tsukuyo: Pour.
Tsukuyo: Pour!
GINTOKI: Huh?!
Tsukuyo: I said there ain't enough liquor!
Tsukuyo: Bring the whole damn barrel!
Shinpachi: Wha-
Shinpachi: W-who the hell is THAT?!
Shinpachi: She's turned into a completely different\Nperson after one shot?!
Shinpachi: She's not just cutting loose anymore!
Shinpachi: Something more important just got loose!
Tsukuyo: How long you gonna lie there?!
Shinpachi: That definitely isn't a normal girl!
Shinpachi: She's acting like a drunk old man!
Kagura: Gin-chan!
Kagura: She's gonna kill Gin-chan!
Tsukuyo: It's too early to get smashed.
Tsukuyo: The night's only begun.
GINTOKI: I suddenly lost consciousness.
GINTOKI: Maybe I drank too much.
GINTOKI: Th-That's odd.
GINTOKI: Maybe I should l-l-leave.
Tsukuyo: You come to my house and think that\Nyou can leave before the sun rises?
GINTOKI: I'll accompany you till morning.
GINTOKI: When did we start drinking together?
GINTOKI: Was there a change at some point?
GINTOKI: I was with the Lady to begin with?
Tsukuyo: Obviously!
Tsukuyo: I dressed up and prepared\Nall this liquor for you today!
Hinowa: I-I never knew...
Hinowa: That she had such low\Ntolerance for alcohol...
Shinpachi: This is way beyond low tolerance.
Shinpachi: The alcohol is releasing some\Nkind of unknown power.
Tsukuyo: so let's play a game.
Tsukuyo: Look thataway.
GINTOKI: I'm happy just to drink by your side.
Tsukuyo: Don't you know this game?
Tsukuyo: The loser has to remove\Nan article of clothing.
Tsukuyo: What's that? You don't\Nwanna see me naked?
Tsukuyo: You have no interest?
GINTOKI: so you'll regret it later.
Tsukuyo: So you wanna see.
Tsukuyo: Perv.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki's a perv.
GINTOKI: Such a pain! This lady is\Nsuch a pain in the ass!!
Tsukuyo: Like your skin.
Tsukuyo: Here we go!
GINTOKI: Listen!
Tsukuyo: Look thataway!
Tsukuyo: Again!
GINTOKI: Okay!
GINTOKI: Look thataway!
Tsukuyo: Look thataway and bam!
Tsukuyo: One more time!
Hinowa: Tsukuyo's having so much fun.
Hinowa: She looks like an ordinary girl now.
Shinpachi: How?!
Tsukuyo: I'll kill you if you don't show yourselves\Nin three seconds.
GINTOKI: Going on patrol?
Tsukuyo: If I didn't have this scar...
Tsukuyo: Could I have lived a different life?
GINTOKI: You wouldn't be any different.
GINTOKI: There's no need to regret it.
GINTOKI: There's no need to feel any shame.
GINTOKI: Walk tall.
GINTOKI: Your face isn't ugly.
GINTOKI: It's a pretty face carrying a clean soul.
Tsukuyo: Gintoki...
Tsukuyo: I'm glad to have met you all.
Katsura: You... That sword...
Guy: I wasn't the one who cut him down.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Matako: You think you can win against\NMatako Kijima's quick-draw?!
Takechi: I don't have a Lolita complex.\NI'm a feminist.
Shinpachi: Elizabeth!
Takasugi: Don't ever call them my chums again.
Takasugi: There are no warm feelings\Nbetween us anymore.
Katsura: When did our paths diverge?
Takasugi: We may have started\Nfrom the same place.
Takasugi: But we've been looking to\Ndifferent things ever since.
Katsura: Takasugi!
Both: We'll do everything to take you out!
GINTOKI: What? A trailer for GinTama the Movie.
Kagura: GinTama can finally join the\Nother popular Jump anime.
Shinpachi: This is that fake movie preview\Nwe used last time!
Shinpachi: You're still making excuses?!
Kagura: Might as well skip the effort and reuse\Nfootage for the movie itself.
Kagura: Toss in a few new scenes\Nand you'll fool them all.
Shinpachi: That won't work!
GINTOKI: Really?
GINTOKI: Most of Sunrise's movies\Nare recompilations.
GINTOKI: Like XXXX and XXXX and XXXX.
Shinpachi: Those are all Gundam series!
GINTOKI: And there you have it.
GINTOKI: GinTama the Movie:\NThe New Benizakura Arc.
Kagura: Come shake my hand in the theater!
Shinpachi: Who's gonna believe that?!
 Name:  Text
Shinpachi: The movie we mentioned\Nlast week was for real?!
GINTOKI: What? You didn't believe me?
Kagura: That's not true.
Kagura: a wolf actually showed up at\Nthe end and the boy died.
Kagura: Same goes for this show.
Shinpachi: Isn't that metaphor a little ominous?
Kagura: In celebration of the GinTama\Nanime becoming a movie!
Shinpachi: And for DVD sales breaking one million!
GINTOKI: The Second Character Popularity Poll!!
All: Here are the results!
Kagura: Except we're reusing the same CG.
Shinpachi: but we've sold over a million DVD's\Nwithout even realizing it!
GINTOKI: More or less.
Shinpachi: Hold it!
GINTOKI: Stop sweating the nitty-gritty.
Kagura: but since when did we\Never do a first one?
GINTOKI: The first one came before\Nthere was an anime.
GINTOKI: The anime staff had the same question\Nso they went back through the manga.
Shinpachi: And there it was in the ninth volume!
Kagura: They should do a better job of reading\Nthe manga before they make an anime.
GINTOKI: Starting with 30th through\N21st all at once!
All: Count...
All: Down!
GINTOKI: That was 30th to 21st!
Shinpachi: A four-year gap leads to lots\Nof new characters placing.
Kagura: Then moving right along...
Kagura: here's 20th through 11th place.
All: Count...
All: Down!
Sorachi: I wish I could become a cheesecake!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Didn't one of them get to say something?
Gintama: Sure.
Gintama: Special privilege of the original author.
Kagura: It's interesting how most of the old regular\Ncharacters have been dropping.
Shinpachi: What?! Crap...
GINTOKI: And here's what you've\Nbeen waiting for...
GINTOKI: 10th through 4th.
All: Count...
All: Down!
Kagura: Like I'd lose to my stupid brother and\Nthe swarms of new characters!
Kagura: They only served to make\Nme look better!
GINTOKI: You get all this screen time...
Shinpachi: Just move on...
Kagura: Now all that remains are the top three!
Kagura: Here comes 3rd and 2nd place!
Both: Count...
Both: Down!
Kagura: The mayonnaise/nicotine\Naddict and sadistic freak!
GINTOKI: Only number one remains!
GINTOKI: Though it's only natural\Nas the main character.
GINTOKI: But we still have to announce\Nit as part of the process.
GINTOKI: So number one in the Second\NCharacter Popularity Poll!
GINTOKI: Count...
Kagura: Gin-chan.
GINTOKI: Huh?
Kagura: We're out of time.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Huh?!
Tamo: {\a6}This in fourth place? What a laugh.
Shinpachi: Humans are creatures\Nwho love rankings.
Shinpachi: They have a tendency to\Ncompare everything.
Shinpachi: Like sales rankings...
Shinpachi: Listing the richest people...
Shinpachi: Viewership ratings...
Shinpachi: Shonen JUMP survey polls...
Shinpachi: claiming everybody who tried\Nhard should be first place.
Shinpachi: But that's been abandoned now.
Shinpachi: so you can better improve yourself.
Shinpachi: However...
Shinpachi: what are you supposed to do?
Shinpachi: is there a point to that ranking?
Shinpachi: Are popularity polls really necessary?
Shinpachi: is it necessary to publicly\Nannounce the results?
Shinpachi: am I necessary?
Yamazaki: Shinpachi-kun?
Yamazaki: What are you doing here?
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san.
Yamazaki: Aren't you working?
Yamazaki: I see.
Yamazaki: You work with 1st and 6th.
Yamazaki: I've got 2nd and 3rd.
Yamazaki: I can't stand the smug looks...
Yamazaki: but that look on his face...
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan and Sadaharu\Nboth went up...
Shinpachi: I'm the only one who didn't\Nchange... Still at 8th.
Yamazaki: What's so bad about not changing?
Yamazaki: My rank went down.
Yamazaki: Maybe the mohawk was a problem...
Shinpachi: I'm very sorry...
Yamazaki: Less stress this way.
Yamazaki: My previous ranking was\Nodd to begin with.
Shinpachi: Th-That's not true.
Shinpachi: I have the second-most screen\Ntime in the show...
Shinpachi: Uh... Did we do something wrong?
Yamazaki: No... It's not an issue of right or wrong...
Yamazaki: The problem would be that\Nwe haven't done anything...
Yamazaki: You've gotta catch their attention...
Shinpachi: A hook...
Shinpachi: It's true that we haven't done that.
Yamazaki: You don't need to be considerate today.
Shinpachi: But it's too late to try to hook them...
Shinpachi: And Bandai-Namco is clearly\Nlooking down on me...
Shinpachi: Maybe it's just wrong for me wanting\Nto be more popular...
Shinpachi: Wishing for character merchandise\Nbased off of me...
Shinpachi: Maybe they've realized\Nhow desperate I am...
Shinpachi: Maybe it's turned people off...
Yamazaki: Shinpachi-kun...
Yamazaki: Is it so shameful to place 8th and 9th?
Shinpachi: Huh?
Yamazaki: Wouldn't 8th and 9th place be as good\Nas first for boring characters like us?
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Yamazaki: would that be okay?
Yamazaki: We don't need to become number\None in a popularity poll.
Yamazaki: We can be number one at\Nbeing their steppingstones.
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Shinpachi: You're such an adult.
Shinpachi: But I'm...
Yamazaki: I'm no adult.
Yamazaki: I was the same as you a while back.
Yamazaki: I thought that if I worked hard...\NIf I worked hard...
Yamazaki: I could place 1st...
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Yamazaki: Huh? That's odd...
Yamazaki: I gave up on that a long time ago...
Yamazaki: Why is this happening now?
Yamazaki: Sorry!
Shinpachi: Ya-Yamazaki-san!
Shinpachi: What...
Shinpachi: What happened?!
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san's ranking\Nis sinking like a rock!
Shinpachi: His underwear being removed\Nto reveal a shameful sight
Shinpachi: has led to a dramatic change\Nin his popularity!
Yamazaki: Th-There's still... someone who hasn't accepted...\Nthe results of the popularity poll...
Yamazaki: Quickly... Run away...
Yamazaki: Th-That person intends... to forcibly\Nalter the results... of the poll...
Yamazaki: Th-There's still... someone who hasn't accepted...\Nthe results of the popularity poll...
Yamazaki: Quickly... Run away...
Yamazaki: Th-That person intends... to forcibly\Nalter the results... of the poll...
Shinpachi: Wh-What's that?!
Yamazaki: Hurry...
Yamazaki: Protect your 8th position...
Yamazaki: Th-The number one position\Nfor a boring character...
Yamazaki: Y-You must... protect it at all... cost...
Shinpachi: Ya-Yamazaki-san...?
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san in 136th place!
Shinpachi: I-Impossible!
Shinpachi: How can you alter the results\Nof the popularity poll now?!
Shinpachi: The results were announced before\Nthe opening sequence!
Shinpachi: What could possibly be\Naccomplished now?!
Shinpachi: They're all targets!
Shinpachi: But who did this?!
Shinpachi: I don't know who it could be...
Shinpachi: The perpetrator removed Yamazaki-san's\Nunderwear to climb the rankings...
Shinpachi: It must be someone ranked\Nbelow Yamazaki-san!
Shinpachi: Damn it!
Shinpachi: There are too many candidates!
Shinpachi: Who can I trust?!
Shinpachi: Th-That's...
Shinpachi: 25th!
Shinpachi: Sa-chan-san!
Shinpachi: Why is she here?
Shinpachi: Could she have...?!
Sa: So you're the one who's trying to ruin the\Npopularity of the higher ranked characters
Sa: and stir up the rankings.
Shinpachi: The perpetrator?! She's talking\Nto the perpetrator?!
Shinpachi: Who is it?
Sa: Despicable.
Sa: Will you be satisfied with a high\Nranking through this method?
Shinpachi: Who is it?!
Shinpachi: S-Sis!!
Sa: Don't play dumb.
Sa: Look above your head.
Sa: Your ranking's gone up.
Otae: It must be nice to sit at\Nsuch a round number.
Otae: But don't beat yourself up about it.
Otae: You haven't had much screen time lately.
Otae: It's not your fault if you\Nlose to a lifeless object.
Otae: so I wonder why it's a higher\Nrank than Sarutobi-san...?
Sa: You had so much more screen\Ntime than I did and yet...
Sa: Huh?
Sa: I see gorillas...
Sa: Twin gorillas?
Sa: What are those? Pets?
Sa: Huh?
Sa: But you're ranked below them!
Sa: Why are the three of you\Nlined up together?
Sa: Gonna start a band?
Sa: Gorilla triplets?
Shinpachi: N-Not good...
Shinpachi: This is starting to look very bad...
Otae: But don't group me with those animals.
Sa: Animals? Otae-san...
Sa: You shouldn't say that\Nabout the manga artist.
Otae: What?!
Sa: Bring it on!
Shinpachi: Sis! Stop!
Shinpachi: Ky-Kyubei-san!
Otae: Kyu-chan...
Kyu: Now isn't the time to be fighting here.
Kyu: Both of you must be aware by now...
Kyu: There's an insolent villain ruining the popularity of\Nthe higher ranked characters for personal gain.
Shinpachi: This isn't the time to be fighting!
Kyu: We must prepare preventive measures.
Shinpachi: That's right! That's right!!
Shinpachi: They should be fine.
Shinpachi: None of them seem to\Nbe the perpetrator.
Kyu: We must take advantage of the\Nchaos to attack the keep!
Kyu: Eliminate every high-ranked\Ncharacter and conquer all!
Shinpachi: Wh-What is she talking about?!
Kyu: I can't stand the fact that\NOtae-chan isn't 1st.
Kyu: The rest doesn't matter.
Kyu: They haven't noticed this mess.
Kyu: Now is our chance to\Ncatch them off guard.
Sa: Won't you end up 1st in the end?
Kyu: Once I have completed my conquest...
Kyu: I will...!
Kyu: Take my own life.
Shinpachi: Why are you risking your\Nlife for a popularity poll?!
Otae: Ranking in the top 10\Nis more than enough.
Shinpachi: She intends to take out most of\Nthe higher-ranked characters!
Shinpachi: That barely includes me!
Shinpachi: Couldn't you barely leave me out?!
Otae: But maybe we shouldn't...
Shinpachi: Yes! That's good!
Shinpachi: Peace is good.
Otae: Oh?
Otae: Who is this girl?
Sa: Tsukuyo? What is this?
Sa: Who is this? What's with this girl?!
Sa: Why is she ranked 9th ahead of us?!
Sa: This girl had twice the votes you did!
Otae: O-Oh...?
Sa: Fairly cute? This girl...
Sa: is loaded with hooks!
Sa: A scar on her face plus the pipe!
Sa: How greedy is she?!
Sa: What's wrong with this girl?!
Kyu: she speaks with a classic\Nprostitute accent.
Sa: What?!
Sa: What's with this girl?!
Sa: {\an6}What?! What?!
Otae: O-Oh...? She's determined\Nto make an impression...
Otae: There's no need to speak\Nin such a manner.
Shinpachi: This is starting to get scary...
Kyu: Gintoki groped her breast.
Sa: Groped?!
Sa: What the hell?!
Otae: Oh...?
Otae: This girl must be a bad luck woman.
Sa: You're right.
Otae: Right? Nothing good can come from\Ngetting involved with this type.
Otae: Poor thing.
Shinpachi: Coming from three of the\Nworst bad luck women!
Shinpachi: Stop it!!
Shinpachi: I don't want to see any\Nmore of this ugly act!!
Kyu: she was featured from episodes\N177 through 181.
Otae: Oh...?
Otae: Then starting from episode 182...
Sa: She shouldn't need any\Nmore screen time!
Shinpachi: Sis! Sa-chan-san!
Shinpachi: Stop! Somebody stop them!!
Kyu: I see...
Kyu: Then we should attack her first?
Otae: I'll let the two of you handle her.
Otae: I'm going to deal with the source.
Kyu: Source?
Otae: To make sure there aren't any more new female\Ncharacters taking away my screen time...
Otae: I'll go crush the gorilla in 15th.
Shinpachi: Not the gorilla!
Shinpachi: This is bad!
Shinpachi: This is getting really bad!
Shinpachi: when I'm surrounded by all these egotistical people\Nwho could become perpetrators at any minute!
Shinpachi: What do I do?!
Shinpachi: What do I do to stop this?!
Shinpachi: I need someone's help!
Shinpachi: The one person who would never become\Na perpetrator in this situation...
Shinpachi: I'll have to rely on the guy in 1st!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Wh-What is this?!
Shinpachi: Something's wrong...
Shinpachi: All distorted...
Shinpachi: Is this...
Shinpachi: Could it be...
Shinpachi: Sorachi's been taken out!!
Shinpachi: the GinTama anime will be off next week.
 Name:  Text
Shinpachi: we held the second character\Npopularity poll.
Shinpachi: attacked Yamazaki-san in 9th\Nplace to slide the ranking.
Shinpachi: Then the anime staff attempted\Nto cancel this week's episode
Shinpachi: using the author's absence\Nas an excuse.
Shinpachi: But such scene does not exist\Nin last week's episode...
Shinpachi: And how are we suppose to pull off\Nanother 30 minute show this week?!
Shinpachi: The screen's back to normal somehow.
Shinpachi: That gorilla author must have\Nrecovered after a week.
Shinpachi: That's a relief.
Shinpachi: I can't let this popularity poll...
Shinpachi: No...
Shinpachi: Here I come!
Shinpachi: Dark Shogun Ieyasu!!
Shinpachi: What the?!
Shinpachi: The art style just changed\Ndramatically here!!
Shinpachi: Who the hell is Cyborg Sorachi?!
Shinpachi: Who the hell is Gudonson?!
Shinpachi: Who the hell is Dark Shogun Ieyasu?!!
Shinpachi: What's with the damn sponsor\Nmessage rolling like that?!
Shinpachi: A glass of oil after finishing a draft?!
Shinpachi: Sorachi's been turned into a cyborg!
Shinpachi: but your style turned into someone\Ncompletely different!
Shinpachi: And the drawings are too detailed!
Shinpachi: We won't last to the end of our\Nfourth season at this rate!
Shinpachi: but he obviously has no clue\Nto what this show's about!
Shinpachi: Could you at least read\Nsome of the manga?!
Shinpachi: Huh?!
Shinpachi: The land of the samurai!!
Shinpachi: Cut it out!
Shinpachi: That's not what I meant when\NI said read the damn manga!
Shinpachi: It's not about matching up the opening\Nnarration and the teaser!
Shinpachi: What?! Another change?!
Shinpachi: Are the artist and original author\Nfighting over the theme?!
Shinpachi: Get along now!
Shinpachi: What are you thinking?!
Shinpachi: What is the editor doing?!
Shinpachi: The artist and author would always\Nget into a fight if they meet!
Shinpachi: That's why the editor is suppose to act as\Nthe mediator so things can go smoothly!
Shinpachi: [Note: Bakuman is a manga about two kids aiming to\Nbecome manga artists. By the creators of Death Note.]
Shinpachi: It doesn't work like Bakuman!
Shinpachi: And the anime staff should\Nbe able to do something!
Shinpachi: Stop slacking!
Shinpachi: Ah.
Shinpachi: It's over!
Shinpachi: It's over again!
Shinpachi: What are we supposed to do?!
Shinpachi: We still have over 20 minutes left!
Shinpachi: What are we supposed to do?!
Shinpachi: I-It's back to normal!
Shinpachi: That's good.
Shinpachi: Looks like Cyborg and Gudonson were\Nable to settle their differences.
Shinpachi: Don't get into another fight.
Shinpachi: Let's all get along.
Shinpachi: Huh? Mr. Gudonson!!
Shinpachi: He got taken out!!
Shinpachi: Mr. Gudonson got eradicated\Nby the Cyborg!!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: It's terrible!
Shinpachi: Mr. Gudonson has been...
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: I was too late...
Shinpachi: He's already been attacked...
Shinpachi: No...
Shinpachi: But who did this...?
Shinpachi: I see...
Shinpachi: It no longer matters who the perpetrators\Nare or who they're after...
Shinpachi: Everyone below me is an enemy!
Otose: To where we are.
Otose: I-I'll pass...
Otose: After him! After him!
Shinpachi: I didn't realize the situation was so dire!
Shinpachi: This town is filled with enemies!
Shinpachi: It's no use!
Shinpachi: I can't get away!
Cath: H-He disappeared...
Cath: Find him!
Cath: Search behind every blade of grass!
GINTOKI: They're gone?
Shinpachi: Gin-san! Okita-san!
GINTOKI: Don't talk so loudly!
Shinpachi: H-How...
Shinpachi: Why are the two of you together?
Shinpachi: What kind of combination is this?
GINTOKI: Didn't you see them?
GINTOKI: The whole town is like that.
GINTOKI: There are only a few people\Nyou can trust in this situation.
Okita: It just happened to turn out this way.
Okita: I was running around when\NI bumped into him.
Okita: Though I can't trust her just yet.
Kagura: What was that?!
Kagura: Aren't you cozying up to Gin-chan\Nbecause you're after 1st place?!
Shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Okita: Don't worry.
Hijikata: Letting a popularity poll manipulate you...
Hijikata: Why do I have to deal with this?
Hijikata: I wish I had never gotten 3rd place.
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san!
Okita: Then Hijikata-san can go outside.
Hijikata: {\a6}Open up!
GINTOKI: Even if you're a loser who lost to us.
Hijikata: {\a6}Who are you calling a loser?!
GINTOKI: But say that you're still happy.
Hijikata: {\a6}Cut it out!
Hijikata: I'm super happy about being 3rd!
Hijikata: It rules!
Hijikata: Open up!
Kondo: What a hopeless bunch.
Madao: What's so great about being 1st or 2nd?
Madao: This old man can't understand.
Kondo: I'd be completely fine with a low ranking.
Kondo: And there wouldn't be much difference\Nif I was 1st or 2nd.
Madao: That's not what we're focused on.
Madao: I don't get it.
Kondo: I could rank higher if I really wanted to.
Kondo: But I'm purposely not doing that.
Kondo: You want to be cool on the inside.
Madao: They can play that game if they want.
Madao: We're going all-natural.
Madao: Honestly...
Madao: It's a little annoying when\Nthey arbitrarily rank us.
Madao: I'm probably happier with a lower rank.
Kondo: I don't understand how he's 4th.
Kondo: This guy hasn't done anything!
Kondo: He's in 4th by wrapping a\Nbandage around his head!
Kondo: There probably isn't any\Nreal reason for it.
Kondo: It's a fashion statement.
Madao: And Kagura's big brother at 7th.
Madao: I don't understand this one either.
Madao: He came out of nowhere and he's 7th?
Madao: Isn't he a bad guy?
Madao: He's just wearing a Chinese outfit.
Kondo: You're right!
Kondo: Absolutely right!
Madao: Overlap? Aren't they ripoffs?
Madao: We showed up first!
Kondo: That's right!
Kondo: I don't want the audience to\Nthink that we're the ripoffs!
Katsura: Would you cut it out already?
Katsura: ...or how I've been cuffed up.
Shinpachi: Katsura-san!
Katsura: It doesn't matter if we're the\NAnti-Foreigner Faction or Shinsengumi.
Katsura: Now is the time to unite and\Ndeal with this situation!
Katsura: Why can't you understand?!
Katsura: Why won't you uncuff me?!
Katsura: Cowards...
Katsura: Are you so scared of a wounded beast?
Katsura: I wouldn't have been caught\Nby dogs of the Bakufu.
Katsura: I can no longer judge who\Nis friend and who is foe.
Katsura: No place is safe in this world...
Shinpachi: No place is safe?
Shinpachi: Isn't that a safari park?
Shinpachi: You got injured riding a\Nbicycle through there?
Katsura: The nightmare began when I decided that\NI wanted to see those paws close-up.
Katsura: Curses...
Shinpachi: You're an idiot!
Katsura: I don't care what happens!
Katsura: You can all...
Katsura: You can all die covered by paws!
Shinpachi: You can die by yourself.
Shinpachi: You can die by yourself\Nfrom a separate case.
Shinpachi: Don't tell me you ditched\NElizabeth-san and ran.
Shinpachi: I think I just saw something\NI wasn't supposed to.
Shinpachi: I just saw mascots in a bloody\Nbattle for supremacy.
GINTOKI: So here we have eight people\Nplus two pets from the top 20.
Hijikata: {\a6}You'll pay for that once we get back.
Shinpachi: Um... I'm pretty worried about that.
Shinpachi: They're all people who don't know\Nhow to hold back their anger.
GINTOKI: The manager here's an\Nold friend of mine.
GINTOKI: I've explained everything.
GINTOKI: We won't need to worry.
GINTOKI: We'll want to stay put until the\Nexcitement's died down.
Hijikata: Excitement?
Hijikata: When are they going to calm down?
Hijikata: I have to wait around with a bunch\Nof pests for god knows how long?
Shinpachi: can only work when lots\Nof readers participate.
Shinpachi: Don't you find it wrong when people\Ntry to twist that for personal gain?
Shinpachi: We have a duty to protect our own rank.
Shinpachi: Aren't we obligated to protect the\Nnumber that's been given to us?
GINTOKI: That'd be pathetic.
GINTOKI: Really bad. A real shame.
GINTOKI: I was wondering if I'd done\Nsomething wrong.
Shinpachi: That's not what I mean!
Shinpachi: I was unhappy in the beginning.
Shinpachi: I thought that popularity\Npolls shouldn't exist.
Shinpachi: But I promised Yamazaki-san!
Yamazaki: Th-The number one position\Nfor a boring character...
Yamazaki: You must... protect it at all... cost...
Shinpachi: The "pachi" in Shinpachi
Note: {\a6}[pachi/hachi = kanji for eight]
Shinpachi: is the eight for 8th place.
Shinpachi: We all must hold on...
Shinpachi: To our own numbers...
Shinpachi: Our own roles...
Shinpachi: I'm sure we can do this\Nif we work together!
Shinpachi: If we're together...!
Hijikata: Of course we can.
Hijikata: But the strongest castle will fall without\Na fight if it's collapsing from the inside.
Hijikata: Don't turn on us.
GINTOKI: Hah. Same to you.
Shinpachi: We have a chance now.
GINTOKI: That was a nice little act.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Okita: They were completely fooled.
Kondo: Fooled?
Kondo: What do you mean?
Kondo: Huh?
Both: Shouldn't that be obvious?
Both: We're going to kick them down\Nso we can dominate the top!
Shinpachi: I don't believe this...
Shinpachi: but it wasn't any different\Nfrom the outside.
Shinpachi: Humans are such greedy creatures...
Shinpachi: I have to do something.
Shinpachi: Gin-san and the others won't\Nmake a move immediately.
Shinpachi: We'll have a real mess on our\Nhands if this place is attacked.
Shinpachi: I need to gauge the outside situation.
Shinpachi: That's...
Shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san in 9th place.
Shinpachi: Why is she walking around here?
Shinpachi: Hasn't she noticed the trouble going on?
Shinpachi: Should I call Tsukuyo-san over here?
Shinpachi: That's...!
Shinpachi: Sis!
Otae: Then starting from episode 182...
Sa: She shouldn't need any\Nmore screen time...
Shinpachi: That's right!
Shinpachi: They're after Tsukuyo-san!
Shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san's in danger!
Shinpachi: it'll also draw in those wild beasts!
Shinpachi: What do I do...?
Shinpachi: Do I leave her out to dry?
Shinpachi: What do I do?
Shinpachi: What should I do...?!
Shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san! Look out!
Shinpachi: It's no use! It's too late!
Shinpachi: She didn't hear me!
Sa: Hold it right there!
Sa: Wh-What do you think you're doing?
Sa: The Boss Lady's 15th has fallen off!
Shinpachi: Ah! It's a hit-and-run scam!
Shinpachi: That's such a yakuza trick!
Shinpachi: They're being nothing but a yakuza!
Sa: You won't be able to pay\Nyour way out of this one!
Sa: What ya gonna do?!
Shinpachi: How did it get scratched?!
Tsukuyo: Forgive me.
Tsukuyo: I wasn't paying attention.
Tsukuyo: I'll wash it and return it.
Shinpachi: It was my fault!
Kyu: You won't be able to wash away the dirt\Nthat's been thrown onto our emblem.
Kyu: Could you come down\Nto the office with us?
Shinpachi: Emblem?! That's a emblem?!
Otae: That's enough.
Otae: That young lady didn't do it on purpose.
Otae: It's despicable to bully\Nan honest girl like that.
Otae: Forgive the disturbance\Nmy young girls caused.
Tsukuyo: I've done you wrong.
Tsukuyo: It seems that you've lost\Nsomething important...
Otae: It doesn't matter.
Otae: Don't worry about it.
Otae: I was going to clean up from\Nthis business anyway.
Kyu: Boss Lady?!
Otae: A half-assed 15th sign won't\Nget me anywhere.
Otae: Our methods are too old.
Otae: I already realized that.
Otae: and kept hoping and hoping...
Otae: But even Puri-Puri was unable\Nto beat the new wave.
Otae: Puri-Puri's time is over...
Otae: This is a new age...
Otae: Yes...
Otae: [Note: Perfume is a Japanese\Nfemale technopop group.]
Otae: I finally disband the group.
Otae: Thank you for the guidance.
Otae: I leave the rest to you.
Otae: Electro-on for our sake.
Tsukuyo: I found this lying around.
Tsukuyo: Does it belong to you?
Shinpachi: She snapped it off!
Shinpachi: Tsukuyo-san snapped\Nher own ranking off!
Sa: Just lying there? You're bleeding.
Tsukuyo: I just fell over there.
Tsukuyo: Don't worry about it.
Shinpachi: You don't need to be considerate\Nto that lot!
Otae: Puri-Puri still has its pride.
Otae: Pride as hard as a diamond.
Otae: That won't be enough to feed our bunch.
Sa: Boss Lady... Isn't there a way?
Sa: A way for all of us to become 9th?
Otae: Don't be foolish.
Otae: It's okay.
Otae: Electro-on the diamonds for our sake.
Tsukuyo: This broke into four pieces\Nafter I dropped it.
Shinpachi: She shattered it!
Shinpachi: Now she shattered her ranking\Ninto four pieces!
Tsukuyo: Perhaps we can all be 9th\Nif we divide this among us?
Otae: I really doubt that.
Otae: It'd be a stretch...
Shinpachi: Wait! Hold it right there!
Shinpachi: That won't do! That can't work!
Kyu: The four of us can join together as\NDiamond Perfume at 9th place.
Shinpachi: Who are you calling Perfume?!
Shinpachi: That's allowed?!
Shinpachi: You can do that?!
Otae: That's great. I love that.
Sa: We can also do the really\Nbad robot-dance?!
Shinpachi: I-I don't believe this...
Shinpachi: I didn't expect them to conquer their target\Nwithout a single drop of blood shed...
Shinpachi: They climbed up to 9th by absorbing\Ninstead of destroying...
Shinpachi: They're nowhere as cute as Perfume...
Shinpachi: They're...
Shinpachi: They're...
Shinpachi: They're...!
Shinpachi: Vacuum!
Otae: That's right.
Otae: It wouldn't be right with\Nonly the four of us.
Otae: We should also invite Kagura-chan.
Shinpachi: 6th!
Shinpachi: Now they intend to absorb 6th place!
Shinpachi: This won't do!
Shinpachi: I can't let them have their way!
Shinpachi: I have to tell everyone!
Shinpachi: They saw me!
Shinpachi: I've been noticed by Vacuum!
Shinpachi: This is bad!
Shinpachi: They're barging in!
Shinpachi: This place will be a battlefield soon!
Shinpachi: We need to tighten our defenses\Nin preparation!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: We're under attack!
Shinpachi: This isn't the time to be fighting\Namong ourselves!
Okita: Fighting among ourselves?
Okita: I see...
Okita: So you all...
Okita: were planning on turning on\Nus from the beginning.
Shinpachi: O-Okita-san...!
Shinpachi: That wasn't what I meant...
Okita: Don't play dumb.
Okita: Look over there.
Shinpachi: Ha-Hasegawa-san?!
Shinpachi: And the Diamond Perfume\Nis already on our doorstep!
Shinpachi: What is going to happen\Nto this popularity poll?!
 Name:  Text
Shinpachi: we held the second character\Npopularity poll.
Shinpachi: Who will be in 1st place\Nat the end of this battle?!
Okita: I look away for a second\Nand this happens.
Okita: There's a traitor among us.
Okita: Well then...
Shinpachi: I-It wasn't us!
Shinpachi: Hasegawa-san was ranked\Nlower than us!
Shinpachi: So why would we need\Nto lower his rank?!
Okita: That assumption may be a mistake.
Okita: but to take out people he doesn't like...
Shinpachi: That's...
Shinpachi: That's just...!
Okita: but I hear you two shared the running joke\Nof the glasses being the main body.
Okita: And I shouldn't need to mention\Nthat Zaki's character
Okita: overlapped with yours in\Nterms of being boring.
Shinpachi: Y-You're wrong...
Shinpachi: It wasn't me!
Shinpachi: I didn't do it!
Okita: I'll listen to your excuses when\Nyou've reached 300th!
Shinpachi: Gi-Gin-san!
Okita: But you're a fool.
Okita: You missed a piece when you\Nwere dragging my pants down.
GINTOKI: U-Underwear Daburu Feinto?!
Okita: A brilliant tactician assumes that he is going to\Nbe betrayed before he starts betraying others.
Shinpachi: There's nothing brilliant or tactical\Nabout being in your underwear!
Kondo: Odd Jobs!
Kondo: You're going down to hell\Nwith your underwear!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Kondo: Th-This is!
Kondo: R-Reddo Roincuroth?!
GINTOKI: Fool!
GINTOKI: Didn't you see the sponsor message?
Shinpachi: And your butt's totally exposed!
Shinpachi: You idiots have been doing nothing\Nbut speaking in bad Engrish!
Kagura: Damn civil servants!
Kagura: It's over now!
Shinpachi: He's fully exposed to begin with!
Kagura: F-Fu-ri Expozed?!
Shinpachi: Just say exposed!
Shinpachi: It more or less sounds the same!
Kondo: then you shouldn't wear underwear\Nto begin with!
Shinpachi: You're the fool!
Shinpachi: Is this person really a police officer?!
Shinpachi: His rank isn't going down after revealing\Nhis dirty parts to a girl?!
Kondo: The whole dragging down the underwear\Nalong with the ranking
Kondo: only works on you losers!
Kondo: I have danced with death\Non a regular basis
Kondo: and exposed my private\Nparts many times!
Kondo: The audience is already sick\Nof seeing me fully expozed!
Kondo: In other words!
Kondo: My 13th place rank comes after\NI've already been fully expozed!
Kondo: I have no blind spots in this fight!
Shinpachi: I can see blind spots everywhere!
Shinpachi: The castle is so broken-down that\Nthere isn't anything left to attack!
Kondo: You cannot take this impregnable fortress...
Otae: So what are you saying?
Otae: I lost to a fully expozed 13th...
Otae: No...
Otae: I lost to that pathetic piece of crap?!
Shinpachi: He's fallen...
Shinpachi: The impregnable fortress has\Nfallen in a different way.
Kagura: Boss Lady!
Otae: I've destroyed that dirty devil.
Otae: There's nothing for you to be scared of.
All: We have a message for the higher-ranked\Ncharacters hiding in this hotel.
All: This place already
Otae: Throw down your weapons and electro-on with\Nour fake Kansai accent and fake robot dance.
Tsukuyo: Why am I in this mess...
Otae: If you refuse...
Kagura: We'll crush you!
Shinpachi: She switched sides in an instant!
Shinpachi: She brazenly switched to the side\Nwith the advantage in an instant!
Kagura: What do we do with these losers?
GINTOKI: There you go.
GINTOKI: Women can't be trusted because\Nthey do whatever benefits them.
GINTOKI: But the same can't be said for men.
Shinpachi: How are we supposed to do that...?
Hijikata: Cease your futile resistance.
Katsura: Nothing good can come\Nfrom going against us.
Otae: Y-You bastards!
Hijikata: It appears that we don't have\Ntime to fight among us.
Katsura: As I said to begin with...
Katsura: Terrible things would happen\Nif we didn't unite.
Hijikata: This is no longer a fight\Nover a popularity poll.
Hijikata: It's a war of the sexes.
Otae: War?
Otae: You're a funny man.
Otae: You think you crap heads can defeat us?
Otae: Diamond Perfume vs. Crapxile!
Otae: [Note: Spoof on the Japanese group Exile.]
Otae: We'll have a contest to see\Nwho's the real number one!
Otae: Diamond Perfume vs. Crapxile.
Otae: We'll have a contest to see who's better!
Katsura: We should not continue this ugly fight.
Katsura: This pointless conflict has already\Ndragged on for three weeks.
Katsura: Popularity isn't the only thing at stake.
Katsura: and the show will end in March!
Katsura: We should calm down and talk this over.
Katsura: We should have a discussion on what\Ndirection the show should head.
Katsura: We need to have a dead-serious discussion\Nabout which one of us should continue
Katsura: to play the dead-serious character.
Kyubei: G-Get...
Katsura: Do you have something to say?
Kyubei: Get...
Kyubei: Your hands off me!
Otae: Overlapping characters?
Otae: You lot don't have the\Nright to talk about that.
Otae: Because y'all are
Otae: mere ripoffs of historical figures!
Shinpachi: Katsura-san! Hijikata-san!
Otae: You didn't earn your own popularity!
Otae: You only capitalized from\Nthe original's fame!
Otae: could never beat us original characters\Nwho've worked our way up!
Katsura: You weren't supposed to mention that...
Hijikata: Damn woman...
Hijikata: She wasn't supposed to mention that...
Katsura: Having to put up with complaints\Nabout how we mislead people
Katsura: to accidentally put Kotaro\Non their history tests...
Hijikata: Having to put up with history buffs complaining about\Nhow we're ruining the names of famous people...
Both: You could never understand that pain!
Hijikata: Katsura!
Hijikata: A temporary truce!
Hijikata: I'll arrest you after we've\Nfinished them off!
Katsura: We need to show them our true strength!
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shinpachi: Hijikata-san! Katsura-san!
Shinpachi: Wh-Whoa!
Kyubei: It appears that this battle is unavoidable.
Katsura: I'd realized that our characters overlapped\Nsince the Ryugu arc...
Katsura: I should have dealt with you then.
Katsura: I should be the only eggheaded character!
Katsura: Change your character to the one-eyed\Ndragon this very instant!
Katsura: [Note: Historical figure Date Masamune as portrayed\Nin the game "Sengoku BASARA."]
Kyubei: I refuse.
Kyubei: You and your long hair should jump off a\Nwaterfall to learn the Rozan Sho Ryu Ha.
Kyubei: [Note: Dragon Shiryu from Saint Seiya.]
Katsura: In that case...
Katsura: Let's party!
Otae: Aren't you the one who really\Nwants to "let's party"?
Otae: Aren't you all excited about the\Nsecond season coming up?
Otae: [Note: Date Masamune in Sengoku BASARA\Nis voiced by the same actor as Hijikata.]
Hijikata: What are you trying to imply?!
Hijikata: Stop saying crap that'll bring\Ndown the fourth wall!
Hijikata: Kondo-san's image as a perverted\Nstalker won't go away.
Hijikata: It all ends now.
Hijikata: This stupid mess and everything bad\Nin the Shinsengumi's history...
Otae: So you intend to eliminate the woman who is the\Nsource of your boss's scandalous behavior?
Otae: I would expect no less from the\Ndemon vice-commander.
Otae: You're used to doing dirty work.
Otae: However...
Otae: There's no point in worrying about\Nthe Shinsengumi at this point.
Otae: Since your Shinsengumi\Nand everything else
Otae: will be absorbed by us!
Kondo: Toshi!
Kondo: Come to our side!
Kagura: It appears that it's only a matter\Nof time before 3rd falls.
Okita: You've made a fatal mistake in\Nyour push to reach the top.
Kagura: What's that?
Kagura: Don't be a poor loser.
Kagura: See?
Kagura: Our rank has changed.
Kagura: 3rd is now one of us.
Kagura: What?!
Kagura: This is...!
Kagura: 12th?!
Kagura: Impossible!
Kagura: Why did our rank suddenly drop?!
Okita: It was a brilliant plan to absorb\Nthe higher ranked members.
Okita: But our commander isn't the\Ntype you can hold down.
Kagura: C-Could it be...?!
Kagura: Him?!
Kagura: He's so offensive that he's starting to drag\NDiamond Perfume's ranking down!
Otae: Curses!
Otae: It was a terrible mistake\Nto absorb that gorilla!
Kondo: Toshi!
Kondo: Now!
Kondo: Do me!
Kondo: Embarrass me!
Kondo: so will theirs!
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Hijikata: You purposefully allowed yourself to be absorbed\Nso you could destroy them from the inside?!
Kondo: Don't worry about me!
Kondo: Defeat me along with them!
Hijikata: I can't do it!
Kondo: Do it!
Kondo: I'll catch up to you afterwards!
Hijikata: That's impossible!
Hijikata: I'm supposed to embarrass you more when\Nyou're standing there fully expozed?!
Hijikata: I can't do it!
Okita: Stop wasting time!
Okita: Do you intend to waste Kondo-san's\Ngood intentions!
Okita: Take this!
Okita: A waist pouch on a naked body!
Kondo: That's it!
Kondo: Keep it up!
Kagura: I won't let that happen!
Kagura: A waist pouch goes with chemical-washed jeans!
Kondo: What?!
Kondo: She brought my rank back up with by\Nperfectly coordinating to the waist pouch!
Okita: I'm not giving in!
Okita: How's this?!
Okita: Chain mail!
Kagura: Chain mail goes with sickle and chain!
Okita: Damn!
Okita: I'll add in the Cursed Belt!
Kagura: Then I'll give him the Shield of Ruin!
Kagura: [Note: Dragon Quest Series items]
Kondo: This can't be!
Okita: Then I'll throw in a double-edged sword!
Hijikata: You're going with her coordination?!
Sa: It seems that this is the end.
Tsukuyo: Let us cease this unsightly battle.
Tsukuyo: We can all be in Diamond Perfume.\NEverybody in 1st place.
Tsukuyo: What's wrong with that?
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous!
GINTOKI: What's with the pseudo\NHuman Instrumentality Project?!
GINTOKI: [Note: From the Anime Evangelion]
Shinpachi: Is there any point to achieving\N1st place in such a manner?!
Shinpachi: Do you intend to make all those\Nvotes count for nothing?!
Tsukuyo: But there are people who\Ncan't accept the results.
Sa: Hold it right there.
Sa: Hold it right there. What?
Tsukuyo: so let's get this over with.
Sa: Y'know...
Tsukuyo: Hmm?
Sa: What's with the facade?
Sa: You're going to be the only one who doesn't get\Nher hands dirty? Who stays clean this time?
Sa: You're probably so calm\Nbecause you're 10th.
Sa: It's different when you're 10th!
Tsukuyo: {\a6}What? Speak up if you have a problem.
Shinpachi: They seem to be fighting\Namong themselves...
Sa: {\a6}That aloof attitude of yours\Nreally pisses me off!
GINTOKI: What? What is this?
GINTOKI: Where are we?
Sa: {\a6}Be more serious!
GINTOKI: An all-girls boarding school?
Sa: Don't give me that crap!
Sa: We're doing our best to live\Nwith our hands dirty!
Sa: We're wading through the mud as we\Ntry to become something better!
Sa: You can't survive in this\Nworld by being clean!
Tsukuyo: I never said anything about\Nbeing clean or dirty.
Tsukuyo: I'm simply not interested!
Sa: Cut it out!
Sa: Damn bitch pretending to be all innocent!
Sa: Say that you really want to be 1st!
Sa: Say it!
GINTOKI: What was that?
GINTOKI: Who were those old men?
Shinpachi: Th-They headed towards where\NSis and everybody else is...
Kondo: M-Monsters!
Katsura: Elizabeth!
Katsura: What are you... Abeshi!
Shinpachi: Something's...
Shinpachi: I can't hear a thing.
Shinpachi: I know nothing. Nothing at all.
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: A-Above your head!
GINTOKI: Wh-What is this?!
GINTOKI: My ranking...
GINTOKI: My ranking is dropping like a rock!
GINTOKI: What's going on?!
GINTOKI: I didn't do anything!
GINTOKI: What's happening?!
Madao: W-We're too late...
Shinpachi: Hasegawa-san!
Madao: We spent too much time fighting...
Madao: We displayed our ugly conflict\Nfor the past three weeks.
Madao: Y-You must stop this fight now!
Madao: D-Don't let him have his way!
GINTOKI: Him?
Madao: He was the one who used unnatural\Nmethods to summon the gods!
Madao: He was the one who took me down\Nand set your fight in motion.
Madao: Return to the beginning...
Madao: Why was there such an uproar?
Madao: What started all of this?
Madao: Head to the roof...
Madao: To end this stupid mess!
Yamazaki: You're late.
Yamazaki: I've been waiting here\Nto show you this sight.
Yamazaki: Look.
Yamazaki: They're all desperately fighting\Nfor their own rank.
Yamazaki: Isn't that funny?
Yamazaki: Their attempts to raise their ranking do\Nnothing but make them look worse.
Yamazaki: All humans are the same on the inside.
Yamazaki: Nobody is suitable to be 1st.
Yamazaki: We're all dirty maggots.
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Shinpachi: So this was all your doing...
Shinpachi: You pretended that you were attacked
Shinpachi: to spark everybody's greed\Nand create a mess
Shinpachi: that triggered the rage of the gods...
Shinpachi: You couldn't become 1st.
Shinpachi: You didn't try to become 1st.
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san...
Shinpachi: Are you satisfied now?
Yamazaki: Flowers need a foundation of dirt.
Yamazaki: But the flowers never try to understand\Nhow the dirt feels...
Yamazaki: They bloom without a care...
Yamazaki: Despite the fact that they could\Nnever bloom without dirt...
Yamazaki: I wanted to let them know\Nhow the dirt feels...
Yamazaki: Our true worth...
Yamazaki: Punch me if you want.
Yamazaki: But your ranking will only drop further.
Yamazaki: The gods have grown tired\Nof this ugly battle!
Yamazaki: Invite their rage if you'd like!
GINTOKI: That's fine!
GINTOKI: I'll smack you good!
GINTOKI: Toying with people like that!
GINTOKI: Don't look down on us!
GINTOKI: Shi-
Shinpachi: I'm...
Shinpachi: Happy to be the dirt for my flower!
Shinpachi: Nobody tries to understand how we feel.
Shinpachi: But that's fine.
Shinpachi: We just have to be there like it's the\Nmost natural thing in the world.
Shinpachi: That's what dirt does.
Yamazaki: And are you really okay with that?
Yamazaki: Spending the rest of your life downtrodden\Nwithout anyone noticing...
Shinpachi: Don't say that nobody notices us...
Shinpachi: I... I alone know!
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san alone knows!
Shinpachi: Isn't that enough?!
Shinpachi: What more do you need?!
Yamazaki: Sh-Shinpachi-kun...
GINTOKI: You aren't the only ones.
Shinpachi: E-Everyone...
GINTOKI: Up. Look up.
GINTOKI: It seems that the gods\Nwere also watching.
Shinpachi: This is...
Yamazaki: We're...
GINTOKI: Okay!
All: Hooray! Hooray!
GINTOKI: We'll be your stepping stones for today!
All: Hooray! Hooray!
Kondo: Zaki!
Kondo: Thanks for supporting us\Nwhen we didn't know it!
Otae: Congratulations on being 1st\Nplace stepping stones!
Shinpachi: Yamazaki-san!
Yamazaki: Shinpachi-kun!
Both: Everybody understands...
Both: Everybody underst...
GINTOKI: Dirt should return to the dirt.
GINTOKI: Why are you two in 1st?
Both: Allow us to ask one more time...
Both: Are popularity polls...
Both: ...really necessary?
GINTOKI: What?
GINTOKI: A request to get rid of a wasps' nest?
GINTOKI: And so next time:
GINTOKI: The Whole Peeing on a Bee Sting Is a Myth.\NYou'll Get Germs, So Don't Do It!!
 Name:  Text
Mayorin: Squiggly and squirty!
Chorus: Mayonnaise.
Mayorin: Damn light yellow stuff!
Chorus: Mayonnaise.
Mayorin: Eggs and vinegar and oil!
Mayorin: Naturally delicious on salad!
Mayorin: Still great when sucked\Nstraight from the bottle!
Mayorin: A perfect miracle!!
Mayorin: Revolutionizes cooking!
Mayorin: Mayonnaise!
Mayorin: Is everybody doing slurpingly well today?
Mayorin: Here's an announcement from Mayorin!
Mayorin: Does anybody want to know where mayonnaise\Ncomes from and how it gets to you?
Mayorin: Guess what?
Mayorin: Mayo lovers should suck\Naway to find a ticket!
Mayorin: I'll be waiting!
Hijikata: Mayo...rin...
Hijikata: requires each person to consume\Nfive bottles of mayonnaise a day!
Shinsen: What?!
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: This is an order from your\NVice-commander!
Okita: Hijikata-san.
Okita: but I can't understand why the rest of us\Nhave to go along with your mayo fetish.
Hijikata: Eh?
Yamazaki: This is too much even for...
Hijikata: Explain this to everyone.
Yamazaki: Huh?!
Yamazaki: You never told me anything...
Yamazaki: Ya' think keeping the streets safe is enough for us\NShinsengumi during the time of this great recession?!
Yamazaki: We need to keep the economy safe too!
Yamazaki: Gotta do our part in building\Ndomestic demand!
Yamazaki: Consume lots of mayonnaise\Nto help the economy recover!
Yamazaki: Our organization needs to appeal\Nto the public in multiple ways!
Hijikata: Everybody who understands\Nshould applaud.
Hijikata: Applause!
Hijikata: Don't hold back.
Hijikata: There's still dessert.
Mayorin: Squiggly and squirty!
Chorus: Mayonnaise.
Mayorin: Damn light yellow stuff!
Hijikata: Damn it!
Mayorin: Squiggly and squirty!
Chorus: Mayonnaise.
Mayorin: Damn light yellow stuff!
Hijikata: I can't find one...
Mayorin: Everybody! Have you already\Nfound your tickets?
Mayorin: There's only a little more time until\Nthe deadline for invitation tickets.
Hijikata: Why...?
Hijikata: Why can't I find one...?!
Yamazaki: What the hell?!
Yamazaki: I was squeezing mayonnaise out\Nwhen a weird piece of paper...
Hijikata: Th-This is!
Hijikata: This is it!!
Yamazaki: What do we do with this?
Yamazaki: We should probably call the manufacturer\Nto complain about a foreign object...
Okita: Congratulations.
Yamazaki: Huh?
Okita: You can go to the mayonnaise\Nfactory now.
Yamazaki: Huh?
Okita: What? Did you force everybody to eat mayonnaise\Nbecause you wanted to go to the factory?
Okita: Even if it means taking away someone\Nelse's winning ticket?
Hijikata: We said that it was to help\Nbuild domestic demand!
Hijikata: H-He figured it out!
Okita: That's good to hear.
Okita: I couldn't imagine that the Vice-commander would\Ntake a winning ticket from a subordinate.
Yamazaki: I-I don't really understand...
Yamazaki: Should I be happy about this...?
Hijikata: You're really...
Yamazaki: You're scaring me!
Hijikata: It's too late for that now!
Hijikata: 'Cause you're the one who found it!
Hijikata: 'Cause it's only natural for you to go!
Hijikata: 'Cause I'm sure Mayorin\Nis waiting for you!!
Yamazaki: Eggs...
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Kondo: Everybody knows your\Nlove for mayonnaise.
Kondo: And we went along kind of knowing\Nwhat this was all about.
Kondo: So think of that ticket as our\Nblessing and accept it.
Yamazaki: Vice-commander...
Hijikata: Thank you...
Hijikata: All of you... Thank you so much...
Hijikata: Gori...
Kondo: Huh? Were you about to say Gorilla?
Top Caption: [Mayorin Mayonnaise Factory]
Bottom Caption: [A few days later]
Hijikata: Mayorin...
Hijikata: Where are you?
GINTOKI: Why do I have to wear\Nthis suffocating thing?
GINTOKI: My underwear is stuck\Nto my ass like crazy.
GINTOKI: Like I'm it and it's me.
Shinpachi: We don't have a choice.
Shinpachi: It'll get ugly if we don't go in prepared.
Shinpachi: Would you rather be killed\Nor have sticky underwear?
GINTOKI: Getting rid of a beehive?
GINTOKI: Why did you accept this job?
Shinpachi: It'll be fine.
Shinpachi: Since we came in full gear.
GINTOKI: They're nothing like those soft honey\Nbees making their high school debut.
GINTOKI: These big guys aren't satisfied\Nby transporting pollen.
GINTOKI: They even carry out hits.
GINTOKI: and end up slaughtering them all.
GINTOKI: They don't care if they knew you\Nback in middle school.
GINTOKI: Not to mention impregnate the school madonna and\Nraise the young by feeding them the corpses.
GINTOKI: They're devils.
GINTOKI: Insane bastards.
GINTOKI: And we're crazy enough to\Ngo destroy their home?
GINTOKI: There's still time.
GINTOKI: Let's buy some soba and sake and give\Nthem a warm welcome to the hood.
Kagura: Pathetic.
Kagura: They're just a bunch of bees. Bees.
Shinpachi: Seriously...
Monk: I apologize about making you\Ncome all the way out here.
Monk: It just popped up when I wasn't looking...
Monk: Can you do something about it?
Monk: How does it look?
GINTOKI: What's that supposed to mean?
GINTOKI: Are we playing "Feeling Couple" here?!
GINTOKI: [Note: From a 70's dating game show\Ncalled "Propose Daisakusen"]
GINTOKI: Are the two of us supposed\Nto build a love nest now?!
GINTOKI: How is that a beehive?!
GINTOKI: More like a salamander nest!
Monk: F-Forgive me!
Monk: These popped up all over\Nthe place overnight.
GINTOKI: What kind of world would have bees that\Ncould build a nest like that in one night?
GINTOKI: Is the queen a slave driver?
Kagura: You shouldn't be talking when\Nyou don't even pay us.
Shinpachi: It's an alien species.
Shinpachi: It's too dangerous.
Shinpachi: We can't handle it.
Monk: Could you please deal with it?
Monk: Consider my occupation...
Monk: I couldn't take a life.
GINTOKI: But you're okay with humans dying?
GINTOKI: You're okay with us being incinerated\Nby salamanders?!
Monk: This will be a nuisance to the\Nneighbors if I leave it alone.
Monk: I beg of you.
Monk: We shall also cheer you on.
Monk: We shall pray for you.
GINTOKI: Stop the chanting!
GINTOKI: That's bad luck!
Monk: Then rap should be okay.
Monk: Hey!
Monk: They'll do it if we rap!
GINTOKI: What are you...
Shinpachi: What do we do?
Shinpachi: They went to get a tape deck.
GINTOKI: We're leaving.
GINTOKI: Who knows how big the\Nbees in that thing are?
GINTOKI: These protective suits won't do a damn.
GINTOKI: It'll be over if they plunge into us.
Shinpachi: But what will happen to the\Nmonks if we just ignore it?
GINTOKI: Don't worry about it.
GINTOKI: Monks and bees get along\Nwell so they'll be fine.
GINTOKI: Didn't Shonen Magazine\Nhave a "BOUZU BEE"?
GINTOKI: Same difference.
Kagura: It's over.
Kagura: What are you doing?
GINTOKI: Don't talk to me!
GINTOKI: I know nothing at all!
GINTOKI: I'm a rotting corpse who has\Nnothing to do with that fool!
GINTOKI: Nothing good will come of stinging me!
GINTOKI: I'm just a rotting corpse!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: Does playing dead work against bees?!
Shinpachi: I've never heard of anyone doing that!\NAre you sure about this?!
Shinpachi: Is it going to work?!
GINTOKI: Don't talk to me!
GINTOKI: Do you wanna die?!
GINTOKI: And why are the monks\Nalso playing dead?!
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: How dare you play dead by\Nyourself after talking to me?!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: It's awfully quiet...
GINTOKI: Huh? I don't sense anything\Ncoming to attack us.
GINTOKI: I guess we should be safe.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Then what is this?
GINTOKI: A prank?
GINTOKI: That monk didn't seem very nice.
GINTOKI: The neighbors probably hate him.
GINTOKI: Don't mess with us!
Shinpachi: Hey! You two!
Shinpachi: Oh dear...
GINTOKI: Uh...
Bee: Don't give me that crap. I asked\Nwhat you were doing.
GINTOKI: Yeah... Sorry.
GINTOKI: I didn't realize that there were\Npeople...bees inside.
Bee: I see.
Bee: So it's okay to kick a bee house\Nif there aren't any bees inside?
GINTOKI: N-No... Huh?
GINTOKI: Bee?
GINTOKI: So you're a bee?
GINTOKI: So you're actually a bee?
Bee: The support's snapped in half!
Bee: So the earthquake was your doing?!
Bee: Could you come down\Nto the office with us?
GINTOKI: H-Hold on! Hold on!
GINTOKI: You've got it wrong!
Kagura: Coming through!
GINTOKI: Whose fault do you think this is?!
Bee: Allow me to introduce myself.
Bee: How ya gonna pay up for this?!
Bee: One or two stingers won't be enough!
Bee: And?
Bee: It's our fault for building a nest on someone\Nelse's planet without permission?
GINTOKI: I wouldn't say that it's your fault...
GINTOKI: Nobody would mind if you made hives\Naway from residential areas...
Bee: I've also got something to say to you.
Bee: Using force without even trying\Nto talk things through...
Bee: Isn't that how the yakuza would behave?
Bee: Earth is a damn scary place.
Bee: And we aren't angry about\Nour hive being ruined.
Bee: The youngins will have it back\Nto normal in no time.
Bee: But some things in this world\Nwill never come back.
Bee: That earthquake sent our Lady on\Nher way to the hive in the sky.
Bee: The old QS3 fell out of the dresser.
Bee: [Note: Parody of PlayStation 3]
Bee: Forget about Qlaystation...
Bee: She's been sent to a completely\Ndifferent station!
Bee: How you gonna make up for this?!
Bee: The Lady was our only female!
Bee: We were all her sons!
Bee: The Queen Bee dying is the\Nsame as the planet dying!
Bee: I'm gonna stab you all dead!
Bee: Stab every Earthling dead\Nand destroy this planet!
Bee: But boss!
Bee: You were the one who bought\Nthis QS3 at Akihabara!
Bee: Didn't I tell you?!
Bee: Be careful because the\NQS3 is damn heavy!
Bee: The QSP is better!
Bee: But boss! You were also obsessed\Nwith ChimiKiss!
Bee: [Note: Parody of PS2 dating\Ngame KimiKiss.]
Bee: You so wanted to play that thing!
Bee: ChimiKiss was on QS2!
Bee: Not QS3!
Bee: It was Fetal Gear!
Bee: [Note: Parody of the Metal Gear Series.]
Bee: Fetal Gear was on QS3!
Bee: Too bad!
Bee: Liar! It was Chimi Kiss!
Bee: What's wrong with Chimi Kiss?!
Bee: Berakami was also great!
Bee: [Note: Parody of PS2 dating\Ngame Amagami.]
Bee: Sorry.
Shinpachi: This is bad.
Shinpachi: Bad.
Shinpachi: What do we do?
GINTOKI: Uh...
GINTOKI: Gotcha.
GINTOKI: We'll be responsible for that.
Bee: What?! You're saying that you\Ncan bring the Lady back?!
Bee: You know what's gonna happen\Nto this planet if you fail!
Shinpachi: The fate of the planet is in our hands.
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: There's a way.
GINTOKI: We just have to find another queen.
Shinpachi: Huh?
GINTOKI: Did you forget?
Monk: These popped up all over\Nthe place overnight.
GINTOKI: That wasn't the only hive\Nbuilt on these grounds.
GINTOKI: We'll talk to the other hives and\Nask if their queens can help out.
Shinpachi: Is that possible?!
Shinpachi: Didn't you say that wasps didn't hesitate to beat\Nup others who were in the same middle school?!
GINTOKI: I brought plenty of honey\Nfor negotiating purposes.
GINTOKI: They won't turn us away.
GINTOKI: Wait!
GINTOKI: You keep quiet and drink your honey.
GINTOKI: Excuse me!
GINTOKI: We were sent by Planet Royal Jelly!
Shinpachi: Huh? Are they out?
Shinpachi: Did they go to harvest pollen?
GINTOKI: I'll go take a look.
GINTOKI: Get this over with in a jiffy.
GINTOKI: You guys better not do anything dumb.
GINTOKI: Sit tight.
GINTOKI: Don't even twitch.
GINTOKI: Nothing good happens when you move.
Bee: Uh...
Bee: How are you going to make up for\Nwhat's happened to our Lady?
Bee: You killed her!
Bee: You actually killed her!
Bee: You were the one who\Nbought an old Zbox!
Bee: [Note: Parody of Xbox]
Bee: Didn't I tell you?!
Bee: Be careful because the\NZbox is damn heavy!
Bee: The TS is better!
Bee: [Note: Parody of Nintendo DS]
Bee: [Note: Parody of Xbox 360\Ngame iDOLM@STER]
Bee: You so wanted to play that thing!
Bee: Who would bother with pussy\Ncrap like IM@S?!
Bee: It was Gears of God!
Bee: [Note: Parody of Xbox360\Ngame Gears of War]
Bee: You're obviously an IM@S fan when\Nyou know the abbreviation!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
Shinpachi: What are we going to do?!
GINTOKI: Another hive!
GINTOKI: Find another hive quick!
Shinpachi: This is no good!
Shinpachi: She's still breathing!
Shinpachi: That's it!
Shinpachi: [Note: Parody of Nintendo Wii]
GINTOKI: Can you take care of all those bees?!
GINTOKI: You're the only one left!
Bee: and I've run into our blood enemies!
Bee: Planet Royal Pudding!
Bee: Why did you come to Earth?!
Queen: Planet Royal Jelly!
Queen: You were also targeting this place?!
Bee: I see...
Bee: Everybody was after the same thing.
Bee: Planet Royal Yogurt?!
Bee: There was someone else to deal with\Nbefore we conquered this planet
Bee: and exterminated the human race.
Bee: You aren't getting this!
Bee: I'm not letting anyone touch this!
Queen: You fools...
Bee: The QS3...!
Bee: The Zbox...!
Queen: The Owee...!
All: ...is ours!
Shinpachi: turned into the destruction\Nof three planets.
Shinpachi: but it wasn't anything to feel good about.
Shinpachi: One beehive
Shinpachi: is the same as an entire planet.
Shinpachi: It shouldered the burden\Nof countless lives.
Shinpachi: Our lives were built upon as many lives\Nas there were stars in the night sky.
Monk: We ready to rap.
Monk: Huh? You're already done?
GINTOKI: Chant away.
Monk: Huh?
GINTOKI: Would you say a prayer for their sake?
GINTOKI: To all living creatures in this universe...
All: Namu.
Queen: You know where they went?
Queen: Not the slightest.
Queen: [Note: Parody of Queen Rangosta from Monster\NHunter Portable 2nd G for the PSP]
Shinpachi: They're alive.
Okita: Next time:
Okita: Beware of Foreshadows.
Okita: Is that meant for me?
Okita: [There is a "death flag" which signifies that you will die.\NAnd once you think everything is right and well...]
 Name:  Text
Okita: There are these things known\Nas death flags in our world.
Okita: A spoken line or situation\Nwhich foreshadows death.
Okita: Could you feed the goldfish for me?
Okita: would apply.
Okita: the man will soon challenge the bad\Nguys to a final battle and lose his life.
Okita: The woman will feed his goldfish in tears.
Okita: A bad guy who becomes a good\Nguy is also at high risk.
Okita: A man who regrets everything wrong he's done\Nand vows to live an honest life from now on.
Okita: Oops, I forgot to ask them to\Ntop it off with mayonnaise.
Okita: That's when death is really near by.
Kirie: Captain of the Shinsengumi First Division...\NSogo Okita.
Kirie: I have avenged my father's death.
Okita: He cannot bring himself\Nto ask who that was...
Okita: For the man has hurt too many\Npeople in his lifetime.
Okita: It was selfish to seek happiness for himself.
Okita: The man had a mocking smile on his face\Nas he quietly toppled towards the ground.
Okita: And then...
Okita: The man locked his legs around the girl's\Nneck and smashed her into the ground.
Okita: The cake's a mess now.
Okita: And I just loaded it up with tabasco\Nsauce for those morons to chow on.
Okita: That's because...
Okita: I was a good guy to begin with.
Okita: There you have it.
Okita: Could you sell her off to some illegal\Nred light district institution?
GINTOKI: Don't make it sound like\NI'm a slave trader.
Okita: Huh? Aren't you a slave trader?
Kagura: Who are you calling a slave?!
GINTOKI: Don't bring trouble to me.
GINTOKI: You guys can deal with this little girl.
GINTOKI: Such a pain...
Okita: There would be no end if we dealt\Nwith every two-bit criminal around.
Kirie: Pretty big-headed for a\Nbunch of murderers.
Kirie: You go off killing innocent people\Nalong with terrorists.
Kirie: No wonder you would be so busy.
shinpachi: Did your father belong to an\NAnti-Foreigner Faction?
Kirie: Are you implying that I'm mistaken?
Okita: This man and his colleagues work to protect\Nordinary citizens from terrorists.
Okita: {\an1}They wouldn't-
Kirie: {\an3}He was caught up in a fight.
Kirie: The Anti-Foreigner Faction and the Shinsengumi\Nwere engaged in a chaotic brawl...
Kirie: My father was caught in the melee\Nand cut down by this man.
Okita: I don't know anything about that.
Kirie: Don't play dumb!
Okita: I can't put up with this.
Okita: I wouldn't be here now.
Okita: Whoever dispatches the people\Nbefore him quickest will survive.
Okita: It's more or less impossible
Okita: to distinguish between commoners\Nand terrorists on that field.
GINTOKI: and you don't plan on denying you did it?
Okita: is that it was her old man's fault for\Ndawdling around in that place.
Kirie: You son of a bitch!
Kirie: You did it!
Kirie: You killed my father!!
Kirie: I'll kill you!
Kirie: I swear I'll kill you!!
Okita: A pity.
Okita: But no more of your revenge games.
Okita: I'll slaughter you without hesitation.
Kirie: Wait! You won't get away!
Kirie: I'll never let you get away with this!
Kirie: Let me go!
Kirie: I'll kill you!
Kirie: I swear I'll avenge my father!
shinpachi: Kirie-san...
shinpachi: What do we do?
Kagura: A mere girl trying to avenge\Nher father alone...
Kagura: Brings tears to my eyes...
shinpachi: Kagura-chan...
Kagura: I understand.
Kagura: I'll give you a hand.
shinpachi: Huh? What?
Kagura: I said I'll help you kill that son of a bitch!
Kagura: There's no doubt about it!
Kagura: He's the one who did it!
Kagura: Water!
Kagura: Shinpachi! Water!
shinpachi: Wait!
Kagura: I'll kill him!
Kagura: I swear I'll kill that son of a bitch!
shinpachi: Kagura-chan!
Katsura: The Rokkaku incident.
Katsura: A melee between the\NAnti-Foreigner Faction radicals named the Sokai Faction
Katsura: and the Shinsengumi which happened\Nat Rokkaku Inn two years ago.
Katsura: The Sokai Factions's plan\Nto simultaneously set fires
Katsura: all around Edo as a distraction for\Nthe assassination of the Shogun.
Katsura: The Shinsengumi learned of\Nthe plan at the last second
Katsura: and assaulted Rokkaku Inn\Nwhere they were hiding.
Katsura: It resulted in thirty-six catastrophic deaths\Nbetween the Shinsengumi and Sokai Factions.
shinpachi: Thirty-six?!
Katsura: while the Shinsengumi only\Nsuffered three deaths.
Katsura: Despite the fact that they only had time to\Nsend f-f-f-five members from the First Division.
Katsura: carried out most of the killing at Rokkaku.
shinpachi: He destroyed an entire Anti-Foreigner\NFaction unit by himself?
GINTOKI: Scary kid.
Katsura: he couldn't have made it through\Nthe ordeal unscathed.
shinpachi: Katsura-san...
shinpachi: You agree with Kagura-chan\Nthat Okita-san did it?
Katsura: No idea.
Katsura: I'm merely saying that it's possible.
Katsura: but nobody wanted to stay at\Nthe inn after such an incident.
Katsura: It went out of business a year ago.
Kirie: Father...
Kirie: Sincerity?
Dad: The most important thing\Nfor an innkeeper.
Dad: Always remember to serve customers\Nwith a sincere heart and devotion.
Dad: But I have something more important.
Dad: Mother and you.
Kirie: Father was always so kind.
Kirie: He cared deeply for Mother and me.
Kirie: But Father and Mother are gone now.
Kirie: I have no home to return to.
Kirie: He took everything from me.
Kirie: And yet...!
Kirie: How can he say he doesn't\Nremember anything?!
Kirie: I will never forgive that man!
shinpachi: But I can't blame Okita-san either.
shinpachi: That was just an unfortunate accident.
shinpachi: An unfortunate accident that happened\Nas he was trying to protect Edo.
shinpachi: It's not that Okita-san\Ndoesn't remember...
shinpachi: Maybe he just wants to forget?
shinpachi: There's no point in digging up\Nthe past now for revenge.
shinpachi: Kirie-san will end up suffering more.
shinpachi: We have to stop her.
GINTOKI: You don't need to worry.
GINTOKI: Kagura's with her.
shinpachi: That's why I'm worried!
GINTOKI: It's fine.
GINTOKI: The guy knows.
GINTOKI: I can tell after all our run-ins.
GINTOKI: Don't you find it odd?
GINTOKI: He's the kind of guy\Nwho doesn't hesitate
GINTOKI: to cut down women and children\Nif they're after his life.
GINTOKI: and left her with us\Nalong with money.
GINTOKI: He remembers.
GINTOKI: He doesn't want to forget.
GINTOKI: He probably just...
Kami: Studying in the reference room\Nafter returning from patrol.
Kami: I would expect no less from the captain!
Kami: Skilled in both literary and military arts!
Kami: The ideal samurai!
Kami: I will follow you forever!
Okita: No need.
Okita: And you never need to come back.
Kami: Is that the case file regarding\Nthe Rokkaku incident?
Kami: That was a while ago.
Kami: I'm surprised.
Kami: I believed the captain to be someone\Nwho doesn't dwell on the past.
Okita: Keep that in mind.
Kami: I'll write it down!
Okita: And you never need to come\Nback from the past.
Kami: I'll write it down!
Kami: But the Rokkaku incident\Nbrings back memories.
Okita: Don't admit that.
Okita: Go get spirited away.
Kami: That was a violent bunch of\NAnti-Foreigner Faction men.
Kami: Only the captain and I were left.
Kami: I was able to recognize that my\Nfate was tied to the captain's!
Okita: You didn't do a thing.
Okita: I'd rather let a locker watch my back than you.
Kami: But why are you researching\Nthe Rokkaku incident now?
Okita: I was stabbed by that thing.
Okita: The daughter from Rokkaku Inn said\Nshe was avenging her father.
Kami: Stabbed?!
Kami: Are you okay?!
Kami: Where were you stabbed?!
Kami: The ass?!
Kami: Anal?!
Kami: The anus?!
Kami: Or was it the asshole?!
Okita: Those are all the same thing.
Okita: Now look here.
Okita: Cut it out or I'll really stab you.
Kami: Please stab me!
Kami: We told the survivors\Nof Rokkaku Inn
Kami: that Muneharu died at the hands\Nof the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
Kami: So why now...?
Kami: It wasn't Captain Okita's fault\Nthat Muneharu Rokkaku died!
Kami: That was...
Okita: Forget it.
Okita: That isn't the problem here.
Kami: Forget it?
Kami: Don't tell me that you allowed\Nthe girl to walk free?!
Okita: I'm saying that a girl or two won't\Nbe able to give me any trouble.
Kami: Are you upset about letting\Nher father die...?
Kami: In that case...!
Okita: That isn't it.
Kami: Then why?!
Kami: I can't bear this!
Kami: I shall prove your innocence!
Okita: I'm not innocent.
Okita: You should be well aware of that.
Kami: You didn't do anything wrong!
Kami: I shall go tell her the truth!
Kami: I can't hold it in any longer!
Okita: Didn't you hear me tell you to forget it?
Okita: We were the only survivors.
Okita: if you don't stop that loose\Ntongue of yours.
Okita: The real question is...
Okita: Someone is trying to kill me through\Nthat girl by using that incident.
Kami: That's why you're reading the case file?
Okita: Look at that short sword.
Okita: A good blade that's been well-used.
Okita: But why would the daughter\Nof an ordinary citizen
Okita: be carrying such a thing when\Nswords have been banned.
Okita: There are still people who\Nneed to be silenced.
Okita: We might not have been the\Nonly survivors at Rokkaku.
Hijikata: Sogo is sneaking around?
Yamazaki: Talking about being stabbed\Nby someone.
Yamazaki: Stab me.
Yamazaki: Go wipe your ass.
Yamazaki: He was whispering about something\Nwith Kamiyama.
Hijikata: Yamazaki...
Yamazaki: Vice-chief?
Hijikata: I'll pretend I didn't hear anything.
Hijikata: This information doesn't leave the room.
Yamazaki: It seems that someone's\Nafter Captain Okita's life.
Yamazaki: Do you remember the Rokkaku incident?
Hijikata: Wasn't that business\Ndealt with long ago?
Yamazaki: Yes...
Yamazaki: I believe there's a connection.
Yamazaki: Those two were the only survivors\Nfrom the incident.
Yamazaki: And there were oddities in the report.
Yamazaki: The two of them might\Nbe hiding something.
Okita: So you were the one\Nwho set her after me.
Okita: It's you?!
Okita: What are you doing?
Kagura: Raise your hands.
Kagura: Any funny moves and I'll\Npop you in the kisser.
Okita: You're the one who's funny in the head.
Okita: Pop yourself in the kisser.
Kagura: Want me to spell it out for you?
Kagura: All nice and slow so an idiot\Nlike you can understand?
Okita: Could you please leave?
Okita: I don't have time to deal\Nwith someone like you.
Kagura: So you do have manners.
Kagura: A Happy Term that's all swollen
Kagura: after the salt was licked off\Nand became an Unhappy Term.
Okita: I want to kill you.
Okita: So please kill this damn bitch in return.
Okita: So? Where's the kid?
Okita: You probably came to kill me together.
Kagura: Killing you will only make\NKirie's hands dirty.
Okita: Then why are you here?
Okita: Are you going to be my bodyguard?
Kagura: Tell me the truth.
Kagura: It's obvious that you're hiding something.
Kagura: I know that you're too skilled to\Nmistake an ally for an enemy.
Kagura: What are you trying to hide by\Npretending to be a murderer?
Kagura: Tell Kirie to her face.
Okita: I am too good to mistake\Nan ally for an enemy...
Okita: That's true.
Okita: But...
Okita: What if someone you thought\Nto be an ally was an enemy?
Okita: See? You've triggered my death flag.
Kagura: Kirie?!
Kami: Who is it?
GINTOKI: or the secret investigation you're hiding\Nfrom your comrades will be for nothing.
Kami: Wh-Who are you?
GINTOKI: Could you answer a few\Nquestions for me?
GINTOKI: What's that bastard hiding?
GINTOKI: What did you do during\Nthe Rokkaku incident?
Okita: All these people gathered on\Nsuch a nice day for revenge?
Okita: You've got spirit.
Okita: Like you're ready to raid Kira's mansion.
Okita: [Note: A reference to the Japanese fiction tale "Chusingura".]
Okita: They must have loved your old man.
Okita: Or they must really hate me.
Kagura: Kirie!
Tendo: Don't move.
Tendo: If you don't want to take the daughter's\Nlife after taking the father's.
Okita: Forget everything you just saw.
Okita: Rokkaku was already dead\Nwhen we found him here.
Okita: He was caught up in the battle and\Nkilled by the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
Tendo: it was foolish of you to allow\Na survivor to escape.
Tendo: The Sokai Factions weren't wiped out.
Tendo: It was revived to get revenge...
Kagura: I've gotten caught up in your trouble.
Kagura: How you gonna make up for this?
Okita: Serves you right.
Kami: C-Captain!
Kami: I can't sit idly by anymore!
Okita: Please shut up.
Okita: The next episode...
Okita: It's Goodbye Once a Flag is Set.
Okita: [The death flags keep coming.\NWhat really happened at the Rokkaku Inn?]
Okita: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
Okita: See? You've triggered my death flag.
Kagura: Kirie?!
Tendo: Don't move.
Tendo: If you don't want to take the daughter's\Nlife after taking the father's.
Okita: Forget everything you just saw.
Okita: Rokkaku was already dead\Nwhen we found him.
Okita: He was caught up in the battle and\Nkilled by the Anti-Foreigner Faction.
Kirie: Liar...
Kirie: You tricked me.
Kirie: You said you would help\Nme avenge my father!
Kirie: You promised to help me kill this man!
Kirie: You were using me?!
Tendo: Oh? Don't make me sound so bad.
Tendo: Weren't you the one to break\Nour promise first?
Tendo: You were supposed to approach the boy\Nand serve as bait to draw him out.
Tendo: This boy is our prey.
Tendo: You aren't allowed to act on your own.
Tendo: Be grateful that we've used\Nyou as a tool to kill the boy.
Tendo: Revenge will still be yours.
Tendo: Your dead father must be happy for you.
Tendo: Honestly...
Tendo: Dying while manipulated by others.
Tendo: That is the fate shared\Nby you and your father.
Kirie: Manipulated...?
Kirie: Father was...?
Kirie: Do you know something about Father?!
Tendo: What a pitiful child.
Tendo: Shall I tell you?
Tendo: How your attempt to avenge\Nyour father is misguided?
Tendo: How your father isn't worthy of being\Navenged by his daughter?
Kirie: What are...
Kirie: What are you saying?
Kirie: I don't understand.
Tendo: You see...
Kamiyama: Are you a Rokkaku Inn staff member?
Kamiyama: Get a hold of yourself!
Kamiyama: Are you hurt?
Kamiyama: Everything's fine now!
Kamiyama: We've taken care of the Faction!
Kamiyama: Can you stand?
Kamiyama: This is...?
Okita: Kamiyama! You okay?!
Kamiyama: Captain Okita wasn't the one\Nwho killed her father.
Kamiyama: It was me!
Kamiyama: The Rokkaku owner was a member\Nof the Sokai Faction.
Kamiyama: I heard from the captain afterwards.
Kamiyama: His wife and daughter were taken hostage and he\Nwas forced to cooperate with the Sokai Faction.
Kamiyama: his savings were also used\Nto help fund their activities.
Kamiyama: His wife and daughter never knew.
Kamiyama: That's right.
Kamiyama: The Rokkaku owner was fighting\Nall alone to keep his family safe.
Kamiyama: Never telling anyone else so\Nthey wouldn't have to suffer!
Okita: Listen to me.
Okita: No one will find out if we stay quiet.
Okita: Hasn't he suffered enough?
Okita: He's drenched in blood.
Okita: There isn't any point in shaming\Nhim any further.
Okita: Let him die a father.
Kamiyama: The captain didn't do anything wrong!
Kamiyama: It was all my fault!
Kamiyama: Even after being forced\Nto shoulder the crime...
Kamiyama: After people have tried to kill him...
Kamiyama: He's still protecting that secret!
Kamiyama: He's trying to protect what the Rokkaku\Nowner was protecting!
GINTOKI: That idiot.
Kamiyama: Please help the captain!
Kamiyama: The girl isn't the only one\Nwho's after the captain!
Kamiyama: The girl is being used by remnants\Nof the Sokai Faction!
Kamiyama: He intends to crush us for destroying\Nhis brother and the Sokai Faction!
GINTOKI: So the kid wasn't the only\None who wanted revenge.
Shinpachi: We should let Kondo-san and\Nthe others know immediately!
Shinpachi: Before something terrible happens!
Kamiyama: We can't!
Kamiyama: He said he'd kill me if I told\Nanybody else in the force!
Shinpachi: This isn't the time to be\Nworrying about that!
Kami: A call from Captain Okita!
Shinpachi: You have him under super\Nsadistic bastard.
Kagura: Why don't they kill you\Nand get it over with?
Okita: Beats me.
Okita: Maybe they plan on using me as bait to lure\Nin the Shinsengumi and fry all of us together.
Okita: Where's the kid?
Kagura: The lady's asleep. Staying up\Nlate is bad for your beauty.
Okita: She isn't asleep.
Okita: You're the one who knocked her out.
Tendo: You see...
Okita: Would you normally knock someone out because\Nyou didn't want her to hear something?
Kagura: It seemed like you really wanted\Nto hide something.
Okita: You were the one who was saying\Nto tell the kid the truth.
Okita: Pretty abrupt change of heart.
Kagura: [Note: A Japanese celebrity known\Nto frequently change her hair style.]
Kagura: Two things that constantly change.
Okita: That would mean Kaela has it rough when\Nher hair and heart are changing all the time.
Kagura: More or less.
Okita: Don't reply like you're Kaela.
Okita: I don't need a weeping kid\Nnext to me in this situation.
Okita: I'm the one who wants to cry.
Kagura: I've never seen you look so unsure.
Okita: Sadists can't take the heat.
Okita: I wish people would be more\Nconsiderate to me.
Kagura: What have you done in your life to\Nmake so many people hate you?
Okita: It's because I live by killing others.
Okita: No difference if a kid or two\Nstarts hating me now.
Okita: Since I can't deny that I'm a killer.
Kagura: You're one hell of a killer.
Kagura: You've managed to piss off all of these people\Nyet you can't stand to watch a little girl cry?
Okita: A kid wouldn't understand.
Okita: Some things can only be seen\Nthrough a tainted eye.
Okita: I want to ask you something.
Okita: Is it okay if I take a dump here?
Okita: Not good! Definitely not good!
Okita: I've got it bad! Real bad!
Kagura: Hold on!
Kagura: This is the part where\Nyou CAN'T get dirty!
Okita: Impossible! It's impossible!
Okita: It's gonna come out!
Kagura: What are you going to do with them?!
Kagura: It's not going to fit!
Kagura: Help!
Kagura: This guy wants to poop!
Kagura: Could you let him go to the restroom?!
Guard: He's probably trying to escape.
Guard: Tell him to hold it in.
Kagura: Don't give me that crap!
Kagura: Do you know what will happen\Nif he poops here?!
Kagura: Don't underestimate a sadist's poop!
Kagura: I've seen one Gin-chan forgot to flush!
Kagura: It was super huge!
Kagura: It was super long!
Kagura: You could spell the letter "S" with it!
Okita: Take me with you.
Okita: Huh? Why is there a river?
Kagura: He's seeing things now!
Kagura: He's trying to cross the washlet Styx!
Tendo: Hey! Don't get the place dirty!
Tendo: Don't we have a bedpan or something?!
Tendo: What?
Tendo: It's okay?
Tendo: Huh?
Tendo: Could you have... Uh?
Tendo: Let it out?
Tendo: Uh? But you have this enlightened\Nlook on your face.
Tendo: You're looking far into the distance!
Okita: I didn't let it out. Please give me a break.
Tendo: He's sitting funny now!
Tendo: He's trying to keep his ass from touching!
Tendo: No! How filthy!
Tendo: Clean!
Tendo: Clean it up immediately!
Kagura: I'm starting to feel sick...
Kagura: Gonna hurl...
Tendo: Hello! Do something about that kid!
Tendo: Bring a Kitaro barf bag quick!
Tendo: [Note: From "GeGeGe no Kitaro". "Gegege" is the\NJapanese onomatopoeia when vomiting.]
Tendo: Ew! Do something!
Tendo: Hurry! Do something quick!
Tendo: Filthy...
Kagura: even if you have to get your hands dirty?
Okita: Are you an idiot?
Okita: My anal sphincters aren't\Nweak like Kondo-san's.
Okita: Like I'm going to poop\Nmy pants at this age.
Tendo: They escaped!
Tendo: After them! After them!
Tendo: Don't let them get away...
Kami: What do we do?! What should we do?!
Kami: I have to come alone!
Kami: They intend to kill everyone who was\Ninvolved in the Rokkaku incident!
GINTOKI: Oh really?
Shinpachi: Yes.
Kami: Hold on!
Kami: Didn't you hear me?!
GINTOKI: You don't need to worry.
GINTOKI: We aren't on your side.
Kami: You aren't on our side?
Kami: Then why are you going?
GINTOKI: Because we're the same as him.
Okita: The kid sure hooked up\Nwith an annoying bunch.
Okita: There's no end to this.
Kagura: This is bad!
Kagura: The three of us won't be\Nable to escape together!
Kagura: We have no choice!
Kagura: Leave it to us!
Okita: You're making me do all the work.
Kagura: A couple of little girls will\Nonly hold you back!
Kagura: Get going!
Kagura: To be a decoy!
Okita: You call yourself a little girl when\Nit suits your purposes!
Okita: What are you doing?
Kagura: My leg! It won't move!
Okita: A rifle?
Okita: Those bastards are even armed with...?!
Okita: Stupid girl!
Okita: Stop taking your time!
Kagura: I want to take my time! Damn sadist!
Okita: I'm beat.
Okita: This is why I hate kids.
Kagura: I refuse to be a burden on you.
Kagura: Take Kirie and run.
Okita: I refuse to be in your debt.
Okita: They're after me.
Okita: You should be able to\Nmake do with one leg.
Okita: Listen up.
Okita: Don't talk to anyone about this business.
Kagura: You intend to settle this alone?
Okita: I fabricated evidence in this case.
Kagura: Is that really what you're trying to hide?
Kagura: Aren't you trying to silence them all so Kirie\Ndoesn't hear about what her pappy did?
Okita: That's not it.
Kagura: Do you really think that's\Nthe right decision?
Kagura: I don't know what kind of bad\Nstuff Kirie's pappy did.
Kagura: I don't know why he died.
Kagura: But do you really believe that\Nshouldering the sin
Okita: Like I said.
Okita: Some things can only be seen\Nthrough a tainted eye.
Okita: Now the daughter is getting her hands\Ndirty for the sake of her old man.
Okita: Isn't that stupid?
Okita: Since I'm invincible.
Okita: Revenge won't make anybody happy.
Okita: Especially not her old man.
Okita: That should be our job.
Okita: It's our duty
Okita: to get our hands dirty.
Kagura: You...
Okita: Look.
Okita: The enemy's found us because\Nyou took too long.
Tendo: It's the same as two years ago.
Tendo: You fighting alone to protect\Nyour comrades.
Tendo: While we have you surrounded.
Tendo: The only difference is in the numbers.
Tendo: You're the one who will lose this time.
Okita: Lose?
Okita: That'd be the same result as last time.
Okita: We lost that battle two years ago.
Okita: We weren't able to protect\Nwhat we needed to.
Okita: I refuse to let that happen again.
Okita: I refuse to lose again.
Okita: No matter what happens.
Okita: I won't let a single person
Okita: get past me!
Tendo: D-Don't fall back!
Tendo: Everybody rush him at once!
Okita: Hurry up and run!
Tendo: Th-That's right!
Tendo: Snipe him from afar!
Tendo: Fire!
Okita: I said that it's useless.
Okita: Can't you understand?
Kagura: That guy's an idiot.
Kagura: He still made a girl cry in the end.
Kagura: Were you holding it in the whole time?
Kagura: Were you pretending that\Nyou weren't awake?
Kagura: You probably wanted to stay\Nand stop that stupid fight.
Kagura: You probably wanted to apologize.
Kagura: You probably wanted to thank him.
Kagura: But you pretended you didn't\Nhear a thing for his sake?
Kagura: You don't need to cry.
Kagura: There's no need to thank\Nor apologize to that idiot.
Kagura: That isn't why he's standing firm.
Kagura: Just try to kill him the next\Ntime you see him around.
Kagura: The idiot will be happier that way.
Kagura: You don't need to worry.
Kagura: He won't die until you've\Ngotten your revenge.
Okita: This is looking a little bad.
Okita: I keep swinging away but their\Nnumbers won't go down.
Okita: My vision is starting to fail me...
Tendo: I see that you've finally given up.
Tendo: Now! This is our chance!
Tendo: Everybody attack him!
Kagura: Because that idiot has...
Kagura: Plenty of more idiots around him.
Kami: Captain! Are you okay?!
Tendo: Who are you?
Hijikata: Who are we supposed to cut down next?
Hijikata: The idiot who violated bureau policy?
Tendo: Sh-Shinsengumi!
Tendo: Why are you here?!
Tendo: What are you doing?!
Tendo: Hurry and dispose of them...
Tendo: Why?! Why did this happen?!
Okita: Seriously...
Okita: Why did this happen?
Okita: Who was the
Okita: snitch?!
Okita: There are these things known\Nas death flags in our world.
Okita: A spoken line which foreshadows death.
Okita: A bad guy who suddenly\Nbecomes a good guy.
Okita: you'll end up suffering as\Nmuch as if you had died.
Okita: I'm gonna die...
Kami: Did you ever run into the Rokkaku\Nowner's daughter again?
Kami: What?! Doesn't that mean she still\Nthinks you killed her father?!
Kami: She might come after you again!
Okita: I heard that she was taken in by\Nsome relatives in the country.
Okita: We probably won't ever see her again.
Kami: I hope she's able to lead a happy life.
Kami: So happy that she forgets\Nabout the captain.
Kami: But you tend to leave\Na lasting impression.
Okita: You're one to talk.
Okita: But it's possible that these flags\Ndon't always bring misfortune.
Okita: You may find yourself feeling\Nthat way on rare occasions.
Okita: Huh? What did it bring?
Okita: And top it off with tabasco sauce.
Okita: That's something for you to find\Nout when you trigger a flag.
Madao: One boiling hot summer morning...
Madao: A middle-aged man who's\Nlost everything...
Madao: A boy who's been emotionally scarred...
Madao: That was the day they met.
 Name:  Text
Hiroshi: July 20th.
Hiroshi: I gave it lots of water so the morning\Nglory would bloom faster.
Hiroshi: How much longer?
Hiroshi: When will I get to see the morning glory?
Hiroshi: July 25th.
Hiroshi: I woke up to find that the morning\Nglory had sprouted.
Hiroshi: And then Mom got mad at me.
Hiroshi: She said the morning\Nglory was already full.
Hiroshi: August 11th.
Hiroshi: A typhoon hit Edo.
Hiroshi: I stayed with the morning glory the whole\Ntime so it wouldn't be blown away.
Hiroshi: And then Mom got really mad at me.
Hiroshi: She said I would catch a cold.
Hiroshi: and then Mom and I got into a fight.
Hiroshi: August 12th.
Hiroshi: It was still raining.
Hiroshi: I was in bed all day with a fever.
Hiroshi: but Mom wouldn't let me go.
Hiroshi: Mom didn't care what happened\Nto the morning glory.
Hiroshi: I'm never gonna talk to Mom again...
Hiroshi: August 13th.
Hiroshi: I woke up to find that the\Nmorning glory was gone.
Hiroshi: The morning glory wouldn't have\Ndied if I had stayed with it.
Hiroshi: I'm sorry. I'm sorry...
Hiroshi: Mom had moved the morning glory\Nto a pot during the typhoon for me.
Hiroshi: She protected my friend in my place.
Hiroshi: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Hiroshi: I still ended up crying.
Hiroshi: August 30th.
Hiroshi: I watered the morning glory with Mom.
Hiroshi: The morning glory is still growing strong.
Hiroshi: The end.
Teach: It's nice that the morning glory didn't die.
Kid: Great!
Teach: And you made up with your mother.
Teach: Then next up is...
Teach: Daigoro-kun.
Dai: Yes.
Dai: Uh...
Dai: I also did an observation journal.
Teach: I see. What did you observe?
Teach: Isn't everybody excited?
Dai: July 20th.
Dai: Today is the first day of my\Nlong-awaited summer vacation.
Dai: How shall I have fun tomorrow?
Dai: I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep
Dai: and missed my radio exercises.
Teach: You skipped radio exercises\Non the very first day?
Teach: That's no good.
Dai: But...
Madao: S-Sake...
Madao: P-Please...
Madao: G-Give me sake!
Dai: That was where I met Madao.
Teach: Uh...
Teach: What's a Madao?
Dai: July 21st.
Dai: I started an observation\Njournal on Madao today.
Teach: What's a Madao?
Dai: Madao is the master of the park.
Dai: A creature with a beard and sunglasses.
Dai: It sits in the park all day without working.
Teach: You shouldn't give stuff like\Nthat to a strange old man!
Dai: so I gave Madao lots of sake.
Dai: How much longer?
Dai: When will Madao bloom?
Teach: It won't!
Dai: July 22nd.
Dai: Madao still hasn't sprouted.
Teach: Sprouted?
Dai: I give it lots of sake but\Nit won't move or work.
Dai: I ask why it won't do anything...
Dai: He answered me with a\Nsad look on his face.
Teach: What is this?! What kind\Nof project is this?!
Teach: How can he say such things to a child?!
Dai: July 23rd.
Dai: Madao still hasn't sprouted.
Dai: I give it lots of sake but it\Nall comes out of its eyes.
Dai: I ask why it spills back out\Nafter I give it to him...
Madao: I'm sorry...
Madao: I won't waste any more...
Madao: I'm sorry...
Dai: And then more sake came from its eyes.
Dai: Until the sunset.
Teach: What is this? Could you stop?
Dai: July 24th.
Dai: Madao still hasn't sprouted.
Dai: Madao looked hurt.
Teach: That's it. Madao doesn't even exist.
Dai: I ask what's wrong...
Dai: And it says that it screwed\Nup while making a swing.
Teach: Daigoro-kun!!
Dai: I ask why it's using a rope to make a swing\Nwhen the park already has swings.
Dai: When will Madao bloom?
Teach: Are you sure about this?!
Dai: July 25th.
Dai: Madao still hasn't sprouted.
Dai: I was on my way to do radio exercises when\NI found Madao lying on the rail tracks.
Dai: and it says it couldn't fall asleep\Nso it crawled over here.
Teach: Whoa!
Teach: Stop it!
Dai: When will Madao bloom?
Teach: Report over.
Teach: An excellent job.
Kid: I wanna hear more!
Kid: Did Madao bloom?
Kid: What happened?
Teach: It's not about it blooming or not.
Kid: More! I wanna hear more!
Kids: Madao! Madao!
Kids: Madao! Madao! Madao! Madao!
Teach: Wh-What part of that touched\Nthe hearts of the kids...?
Teach: I-I got it now!
Teach: Start from August.
Teach: Skip the weird parts.
Dai: August 1st.
Dai: We have a new family member.
Teach: You skipped too much!!
Teach: How did Madao become a\Nmember of your family?!
Teach: What happened in the days\Nthat were skipped?!
Dai: Much as God was unable to understand\Nthe will of the fallen angel Lucifer...
Teach: And you're suddenly writing like a pro!
Dai: I've had enough...
Dai: I spit on the ground and\Nlight up a xxxboro.
Teach: What happened?!
Teach: What happened over summer?!
Teach: This isn't a step towards being an adult!
Teach: It's a damn escalator!
Dai: Humans must change and adapt to their\Nenvironment in order to survive.
Teach: Why a condor?!
Teach: And you've changed way too much!
Dai: The man who refused to change and\Nstood still was practically a corpse.
Teach: You should've been observed instead!
Dai: August 3rd.
Dai: I casually tossed it a bottle of whiskey\NI sniped from my mother.
Dai: What damaged you?
Teach: Isn't that obvious?!
Teach: You can clearly see why he's unhappy!
Dai: instead it licked at the whiskey\Nwith a sour look on its face.
Teach: This is what you meant by a\Nnew member of the family?!
Dai: When will Madao bloom?
Dai: I look up at the sky to see a condor\Ncircling as though laughing at me.
Teach: And why is there a condor in Edo?!
Dai: August 10th.
Dai: Ten days have passed since\Nwe took in Madao.
Dai: It still hasn't sprouted.
Teach: Does it have to say "casually"?
Teach: Do you have to emphasize\Nthat "casually" part?
Dai: Mom's been getting creeped\Nout by Madao recently.
Dai: It appears that she's realized I'm\Nkeeping Madao and not a dog.
Teach: That should have been obvious\Nfrom the beginning!
Teach: She was creeped out from the beginning!
Dai: My Mom raised me on her own.
Dai: I wonder when she stopped\Ntrusting in men...?
Teach: Who cares about your Mom's story!
Teach: Just end this story!
Dai: August 10th three years ago.
Teach: Hey! I said to stop!
Teach: Why is there a flashback\Narc in your journal?!
Dai: I remember that it was\Na blisteringly hot day.
Dai: My Mom's husband...
Dai: he stopped working and began drinking\Nand gambling during the day.
Dai: buy my old man would beat\Nher for not earning enough.
Dai: so I never returned home\Nuntil the sun set.
Dai: I would wait for my exhausted\NMom before heading home.
Dai: That was my daily routine.
Dai: But that day...
Mom: We're home.
Dai: Our faint hopes
Dai: vanished into the summer sky\Nwith the cries of cicadas.
Dai: Raindrops trickled down my cheek.
Madao: Why did you help me...?
Madao: Aren't you sick of seeing a Madao?
Madao: Both you and your mother.
Madao: Aren't you making your mother suffer?
Dai: I might be feeling remorse...
Dai: If only I had provided support for my\Nold man when he hit rock bottom...
Dai: Then my Mom wouldn't\Nhave suffered like this.
Dai: I couldn't say anything more...
Dai: What was I trying to accomplish\Nwhile making my Mom suffer?
Dai: Was I trying to recover what\NI'd once forgotten...?
Dai: August 11th.
Dai: I awake to the sound of rain\Npounding against the window.
Dai: It seems that a typhoon has hit Edo.
Dai: My legs led me to the doghouse.
Dai: But Madao was nowhere to be found.
Madao: Aren't you sick of seeing a Madao?
Madao: Both you and your mother.
Mom: What are you doing?!
Mom: Where are you going in this rain?!
Dai: Let me go!
Dai: It's already weak from\Ndrinking all that booze!
Dai: Madao's going to die in this rain!
Mom: So that was a Madao...
Dai: No!
Dai: It's not a Madao!
Dai: It's... It's...
Dai: My friend!
Mom: Daigoro!
Dai: No more of this...
Dai: I have to save him!
Dai: August 12th.
Dai: I couldn't find Madao in the end.
Dai: My head hurts and I can't write\Nas well as I did before.
Dai: I seem to have caught a cold.
Dai: Just like it did with Madao.
Dai: Is sake coming out of Madao's\Neyes wherever he is?
Dai: And then...
Dai: Ma-Madao...
Mom: Honestly...
Mom: Next time keep an eye on\Nit so it won't escape.
Mom: And also...
Mom: And feed it properly instead\Nof giving it alcohol.
Dai: Mom allowed me to keep Madao.
Dai: Or maybe Mom felt the same way I did.
Madao: No...
Madao: No more drinking for me.
Dai: August 20th.
Dai: Madao has changed since then.
Dai: and he performs all kinds of\Nchores while Mom is out.
Dai: All while reading the classifieds.
Dai: but she's started to call\Nhim Hasegawa-san.
Dai: I don't really get it.
Dai: August 25th.
Dai: Mom asked...
Mom: Daigoro.
Mom: Would you like a father?
Dai: That was her question.
Dai: so I asked her about it
Dai: and then her face turned red.
Dai: so I asked Madao that night...
Madao: I wouldn't know.
Dai: I don't really get grownups.
Dai: August 26th.
Dai: It's finally the day for Madao to sprout.
Madao: Thank you for everything you've done.
Madao: I don't know how to show\Nmy appreciation...
Mom: You haven't gone to your interview yet.
Madao: Sorry about that.
Mom: Do your best.
Mom: We'll be waiting for the good news.
Madao: Yes!
Dai: they were like father and mother.
Dai: Madao as my father...
Dad: You seem to be nervous.
Madao: Since my return to a normal person\Nfrom being a Madao is riding on this.
Dad: I'm the same.
Madao: Oh? You were also a Madao?
Madao: I couldn't tell...
Dad: My wife and son gave up on me...
Dad: I'm embarrassed to say that I didn't realize\Nwhat was important until I'd lost it all...
Dad: but she told me to let her think about it.
Dad: I'll try again if I'm accepted here.
Madao: Um... Can I ask you something?
Dad: Yes?
Madao: What's your son's name?
Dai: August 27th.
Dai: Madao never came back.
Dai: He probably didn't pass the interview.
Dai: So he's too ashamed to face us.
Dai: Madao's such an idiot.
Dai: He doesn't need to be so sensitive.
Dai: Mom didn't say anything.
Dai: Was Mom hurt again because of me?
Dai: August 29th.
Dai: We ate with Madao.
Dai: The other Madao.
Dai: Madao had become a completely\Ndifferent person.
Dai: he happily reported that he'd found a job.
Dai: He also cheerfully told\Nus about someone
Dai: who got drunk and made\Na ruckus at the interview.
Dai: Mom also looked like\Nshe was really happy.
Madao: Could you spare me some sake?
Mom: Daigoro?
Dai: Why?
Dai: You promised never to drink again.
Dai: Why?
Dai: You promised to do your\Nbest at the interview!
Dai: Why...? Why...? Why...?!
Madao: We're through.
Dai: Liar...
Mom: Let's go.
Mom: Don't bother with him any longer.
Dai: Liar!
Dai: Madao! I know!
Mom: Daigoro!
Dai: You may lie!
Dai: You may pretend to be drunk!
Dai: Everybody may badmouth you!
Dai: I know...
Dai: I know that Madao is no Madao!
Dai: You brought back what\NI'd once forgotten!
Dai: I won't forget!
Dai: I'll never forget!
Dai: Never!
Madao: I don't need beer or work...
Madao: I've already received enough...
Dai: Madao had already bloomed long ago...
Teach: Daigoro-kun...
Teach: Forgive me...
Teach: That was no observation journal...
Teach: It was practically a novel...
Teach: But it was wonderful!
Teach: Magnificent!
Teach: Everybody give Daigoro some applause!
Teach: Huh?
Teach: It's still going?
Teach: Huh?
Teach: Your mother wrote this?!
Kagura: The next episode...
Kagura: Radio Exercises are Socials\Nfor Boys and Girls.
 Name:  Text
Old: History is written by the victors.
Old: This is a story about one such star.
Reporter: Not bad.
Reporter: But I wouldn't be able to stand\Nsuch a backwards place.
Old: What would a reporter\Nwant with me now?
Reporter: I shouldn't need to tell you that I'm\Nresearching the Anti-Foreigner War.
Reporter: I would love to hear
Reporter: your perspective as a military reporter
Reporter: and saw many different sights while\Nsurviving many perilous situations.
Old: I saw nothing...
Reporter: Only rumors remain...
Reporter: Now considered a myth...
Reporter: You would know about that man...
Old: It began twenty-some years ago.
Old: using overwhelming military force\Nto compel the opening of Edo.
Old: A number of unequal\Ntreaties were signed.
Old: The samurai lost their patience with\Nthe Bakufu's soft foreign policy
Old: they gathered under\Nthe Anti-Foreign ideal.
Old: but their actions only led to much death.
Reporter: but the efforts of the Anti-Foreigner Faction\Nallowed them to at least put up a fight.
Old: That was largely because they avoided direct\Nbattles and adopted guerrilla warfare.
Old: But the main reason was
Old: because they were samurai.
Old: they fought without any fear.
Old: The highly advanced Amanto were unable to\Nunderstand the desperation of the samurai.
Old: Samurai...
Old: The Amanto feared their existence.
Reporter: But that served to prolong the\Nwar as it became a quagmire.
Old: That's right.
Old: but there was still hope.
Old: This was when a group of young people\Nbegan distinguishing themselves.
Old: An impressive bunch.
Old: The Faction regained their morale as they\Nsaw these men risk their lives in battle.
Old: How much do you know?
Reporter: But I have confirmed that he existed.
Reporter: for a person who never appeared\Nin the pages of history.
Old: Blazing across the battlefield in a flash
Old: of white as he cut down sturdy\NAmanto with one swing.
Old: Admired by allies as a pillar of support
Old: while instilling terror in his foes.
Old: He was known as the "White Devil."
Reporter: The White Devil...?
Old: Yes.
Reporter: So you do know of him!
Reporter: Please tell me about him!
Old: What will you do with that knowledge?
Reporter: You should understand.
Old: The first time I saw him was back then...
Katsura: I didn't expect an ambush here!
Katsura: We must retreat immediately or\Nthere will be more casualties!
Takasugi: Are you insane?
Takasugi: We'll be wiped out if we\Nturn our backs and run!
Katsura: However!
Takasugi: Are we out of options?
Katsura: Don't be foolish!
Katsura: We still have him!
Katsura: He will surely come!
Commander: What was that?!
Katsura: He has come!
Commander: Th-The White Devil...
Old: Gundam!
Reporter: Wait!
Reporter: You've got the wrong show!
old: I-it's for the 30th anniversary!
old: [Note: 2009 is the 30th anniversary of Gundam.]
Reporter: That doesn't matter!
Reporter: Are you just making up a story so\Nyou can talk about Gundam?
Old: I-It wasn't me!
Old: It was the staff of this show!
Reporter: That's even worse!
Kagura: I'm off!
Guide: You have perfect attendance so far.
Kagura: Sleep deprivation really\Nhurts your beauty.
Kagura: Women need every minute\Nof sleep they can get.
Guide: I can see how you're able to walk around\Nin public with that haystack on your head.
Guide: But you're really amazing.
Guide: The kids in Kabukicho have become\Nknow-it-alls and don't even bother coming.
Guide: We only get health freaks\Nand senior people.
Guide: You're the only kid who comes.
Guide: That's Hisashi Hongo-kun.
Guide: He also has perfect attendance so far.
Guide: I heard that he's participating for health\Nreasons since he's not very strong.
Guide: He's a good kid.
Guide: He always shows up fifteen minutes\Nbefore the exercise begins.
Kagura: Today's Friday night movie slot\Nis "Kiki's Delivery Service".
Kagura: A kid could never ignore\NKiki and go to bed.
Kagura: Stay up all night to dreams of Kiki.
Guide: Less people are showing up.
Guide: I guess they all went on\Nvacation for Obon break.
Guide: Kagura-chan?
Guide: You have bags under your eyes.
Kagura: It's nothing.
Kagura: It's just the baker's husband\Nbeing so awesome.
Guide: What baker's husband?
Guide: You watched it?
Guide: You watched Kiki?
Guide: You stayed up late then?
Hisashi: U-Uh...
Hisashi: The stamp...
Kagura: You aren't going anywhere\Nfor summer vacation?
Kagura: Is your family also poor?
Hisashi: It's not so much money as...
Hisashi: I have health problems so I have to\Nvisit the hospital on a regular basis.
Hisashi: I can't take any extended trips.
Kagura: I see.
Kagura: Nothing works out in this world.
Hisashi: It's better that way.
Hisashi: I don't even get to go to the\Ntemple school as much.
Hisashi: That's why I wanted to see this\Nthrough to the end of summer.
Hisashi: It would be sad if I wasn't able to accomplish\Nanything after being born into this world.
Hisashi: Anything will do.
Hisashi: I just wanted to see\Nsomething to the end.
Kagura: That's pretty ominous.
Kagura: You sound like you're about to die.
Hisashi: S-Sorry...
Hisashi: I have a bad habit of being\Npessimistic about everything.
Hisashi: But I'm glad that you're here.
Hisashi: I would have been lonely all by myself.
Kagura: Of course.
Kagura: I can't be motivated if I don't\Nhave any competition.
Hisashi: Y-Yeah.
Hisashi: Let's do our best together.
Kagura: Yeah!
GINTOKI: Can't you tell that I have a hangover?
Kagura: That's our Gin-chan!
Kagura: He's like the real thing!
Kagura: That's our boss lady!
Kagura: Looks just like a gorilla!
Shinsen: Wait!
Kagura: That's our Zura!
Kagura: Catch him already!
Sa: Smack me!
Sa: Smack me all you want!
Madao: This isn't exercise!
Madao: I'm not doing anything here!
Kagura: What are you saying all of a sudden?
Hisashi: If only I had a normal body...
Hisashi: If only I was healthy...
Hisashi: I was being jealous of other people for it.
Hisashi: But that wasn't what I needed.
Hisashi: I'm glad I joined in these radio exercises.
Hisashi: I learned that the hard things can\Nbe fun when you're with others...
Hisashi: It's all because I made a friend like you.
Kagura: A-Are you stupid?
Kagura: Why are you so happy?
Kagura: Your card hasn't been\Ncompletely stamped yet!
Kagura: A field trip isn't over until you've made\Nit home and greeted your parents!
Kagura: Radio exercises aren't over until you've gotten\Nyour last stamp and gone home to take a nap!
Hisashi: Right!
Kagura: Canceled?!
Kagura: What do you mean?
Kagura: I didn't hear anything about that!
GINTOKI: What is there to hear?
GINTOKI: What kind of fool would\Ngo exercise in this rain?
Kagura: This fool right here!
Kagura: A little rain won't be enough to stop me!
GINTOKI: The radio exercise itself is canceled.
GINTOKI: just as girls don't participate in swimming\Nclass when it's that time of the month.
Kagura: B-But after I got all these stamped...
GINTOKI: I'll stamp it for you later.
GINTOKI: Doesn't count if it's raining.
GINTOKI: Like an unearned win.
Kagura: That's not the issue here!
Kagura: We want to see this through!
GINTOKI: Doesn't change the fact\Nthat it's been canceled.
GINTOKI: This is a good opportunity for you to rest.
GINTOKI: Isn't that kid unhealthy?
GINTOKI: Don't push him too hard.
Kagura: He collapsed?!
Kagura: Why?!
Kagura: He was fine just the other day...
Kagura: He was exercising with me!
Mom: Our son doesn't have long to live...
Mom: That's what the doctor said.
Mom: Though we never told him.
Mom: He must have realized...
Mom: He suddenly said that he wanted\Nto accomplish something.
Mom: but he kept begging us\Nto let him go exercise.
Mom: But I never thought that he would\Nhave gone out in that rain...
Mom: He said he'll go even if it's raining\Ncats or dogs or spears.
Mom: That was the promise he\Nmade with his first friend.
Kagura: I broke our promise...
Kagura: I said I would come if it was raining\Ncats or dogs or spears.
Kagura: I promised...
Kagura: Sorry... If I hadn't said that...
Hisashi: It's okay.
Hisashi: It would be frustrating for rain to get in the\Nway of everything we've accomplished.
Hisashi: But I guess it was no good.
Hisashi: It was no fun exercising by myself.
Hisashi: It wasn't any fun without Kagura-chan.
Hisashi: But it looks like I won't be able to\Nsee this through to the end.
Kagura: That's not true.
Kagura: You can't give up yet.
Kagura: I'll keep exercising and getting\Nstamps until you come back.
Kagura: Did you know?
Kagura: You can get a stamp on a rainy day\Nbecause it's like an unearned win.
Kagura: So...
Kagura: So come back.
Kagura: We can exercise together again.
Kagura: It won't stop raining until you come back.
Kagura: I'll be waiting...
Kagura: The whole time...
GINTOKI: Kabukicho radio exercise #1!
GINTOKI: Ready!
GINTOKI: Stand.
GINTOKI: Or I won't stamp you.
Kagura: Gin-chan...
All: Yes!
GINTOKI: Okay! Now line up!
GINTOKI: No cutting!
GINTOKI: Want me to brand you\Ninstead of a stamp?
Kagura: It stopped raining...
GINTOKI: So why?
GINTOKI: So WHY?!
GINTOKI: Why do I look like THIS?!
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: When Looking for Something,\NTry Using its Perspective.
GINTOKI: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
All: Happy New Year!
Shinpachi: With our movie coming up during\NGolden Week this year...
Shinpachi: [Note: Scheduled for a 4/24 release date in Japan.]
Kagura: We'll be working even harder!
GINTOKI: So when you watch Gintama this year...
All: Make sure the room is well-lit and\Ndon't sit too close to the TV!
Shinpachi: What is this?
GINTOKI: Have you ever seen cats mate?
GINTOKI: Sounds more puma than trauma.
GINTOKI: So did you know?
GINTOKI: Male cats have a thorn\Ndown there. A thorn.
Kagura: Like you have any other use for it\Nbesides peeing while standing.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: The cats are running away...
Shinpachi: That's...
Shinpachi: Ragged ears...
Shinpachi: And its size...
Shinpachi: Hoichi!
Shinpachi: Our target has arrived!
GINTOKI: Don't rush me...!
Kagura: Damn misbehaving cat!
Shinpachi: Ah! It got us!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! Hurry after Hoichi!
Shinpachi: Can you hear me?!
Shinpachi: Gin-san!
GINTOKI: Why are cats talking?
GINTOKI: Am I dreaming?
GINTOKI: I'm all dizzy.
GINTOKI: I'll do that.
CatA: Right over there.
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Are you toying with me?
GINTOKI: Drink that dirty water?
GINTOKI: Don't assume I'm like you strays...
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What is this...?
CatA: Only trying to help.
CatB: Some attitude.
CatC: What's with him?
GINTOKI: Why do I have to be such an ugly cat?!
Shinpachi: That's odd. Where did Gin-san go?
Kagura: He's probably off balling or ballsing.
Otose: You're still chasing that cat?
Cath: You can't even catch a cat?
Cath: That makes you less useful\Nthan a plastic bottle.
Kagura: What was that?!
Cath: That's wrong! You're using it wrong!
Shinpachi: So neighborhood association people are taking\Nsteps to prevent any more strays...
Men: Hand over your balls.
Otose: Neutering?
Shinpachi: Yes.
Shinpachi: They're catching strays in Kabukicho\Nand neutering them.
Shinpachi: But the members aren't\Nable to handle Hoichi.
Otose: The world would be better off if\Nwe started neutering humans.
Shinpachi: Could you hold off on the Human Memberality\NProject until I've actually gotten to use mine?
Shinpachi: But we can't ignore it.
Shinpachi: Violent and wily...
Shinpachi: I've heard that it's bitten\Nlarge dogs to death
Shinpachi: and injured children...
Otose: Did you see it happen?
Otose: You sure about that?
Otose: I don't think he's as bad as everyone\Nmakes him out to be.
Guy: There it is!
Guy: Damn misbehaving cat!
Guy: Hand over your balls!
Guy: I-it's Hoichi!
Hoichi: You wanna lose your balls?
Guy: Wait up!
Hoichi: You're a vagabond?
Hoichi: There are no good cats here.
Hoichi: Ask for help and nobody will even budge.
GINTOKI: But you saved me.
Hoichi: Every cat that's lost its\Nballs becomes soft.
Hoichi: It wouldn't be any fun\Nto fight a weakling!
CatC: Hoichi's beating up on another newbie.
CatA: I wonder if the vagabond\Nwill be able to stay.
Hoichi: What kinda moves were those?
Hoichi: You wanna die?
GINTOKI: Wait! I was just turned into a cat!
Hoichi: A pussy like you can't\Nsurvive in this town!
Hoichi: Scram!
StrayC: H-He's standing!
StrayD: He's standing upright!
GINTOKI: Teach me the rules of this town?
GINTOKI: My history in this town...
GINTOKI: And my history of eating left over food...
GINTOKI: ...dwarfs yours!
Hoichi: What's your name?
GINTOKI: Gintoki Sakata...
Hoichi: Too long.
Hoichi: Gin will do.
Hoichi: Make sure you don't get your balls taken.
GINTOKI: H-Hey!
GINTOKI: Hold on...
StrayC: Amazing! You're amazing!
StrayD: That made Hoichi look bad!
StrayF: We're sick of his oppression!
GINTOKI: Why are you all celebrating?!
GINTOKI: Stop it!
GINTOKI: What are you doing?!
GINTOKI: Don't sniff my ass!
GINTOKI: Huh? What's that?
GINTOKI: What? Arms crossed?
Katsura: I'll get to the point.
GINTOKI: I don't wanna hear that from someone\Nwalking on two legs!
Katsura: Did you do something here?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: What if I did?
Katsura: The owner of this property is a kind\Nperson who feeds the stray cats.
Katsura: The cats gather here for that reason.
Katsura: This grave was made by the kind owner\Nin memory of the strays who have died.
Katsura: Hundreds of cat souls rest\Nbeneath this ground.
Katsura: I'll ask you again.
Katsura: Did you do something?
GINTOKI: I took a piss...
GINTOKI: Hey! So I ended up like this\Nbecause of a cat curse?!
GINTOKI: That's impossible!
Katsura: The impossible has already\Nhappened to us.
GINTOKI: Us?
GINTOKI: Don't tell me that you\Nalso took a piss here.
GINTOKI: You're Zura?!
GINTOKI: You took a dump out here?!
GINTOKI: Could you consider the image\Nyou're supposed to have?!
Katsura: A warrior must be prepared to do his\Nbusiness in any place at any time.
GINTOKI: Anyone who takes a dump on a grave\Ncan't be considered a warrior!
GINTOKI: You brought this on yourself!
GINTOKI: Hey! Someone shove a stick\Nof dynamite up his ass!
Kondo: Why did this happen?!
Kondo: I should have ignored Katsura!
Kondo: won't realize it's me!
GINTOKI: Why a gorilla?!
Kondo: What?! You can recognize me?!
Kondo: That voice...!
Kondo: I'm so glad to have a buddy!
Kondo: I don't care if you're Katsura!
Kondo: I see!
Kondo: You were also bitten by a weird gorilla...
GINTOKI: No! You're the only one who was involved\Nin a Spider-Man-esque incident!
Katsura: The owner's a kind person.
Katsura: There's probably a stray gorilla around...
GINTOKI: What the hell is a stray gorilla?!\NI've never seen one before!
GINTOKI: What do we do?
GINTOKI: How do we return to normal?!
GINTOKI: And I had to be stuck with\Nthese useless idiots!
Katsura: We were cursed for disturbing\Nthe grave. If we restore it...
GINTOKI: Restore it?
GINTOKI: Screw that!
GINTOKI: It's your own dump!
GINTOKI: You take responsibility!
GINTOKI: I feel sick...
GINTOKI: Why are you adding more?!
Katsura: Sh-Shoot!
Katsura: My feline instincts...
Katsura: I didn't expect my cat\Nsynchronization ratio to rise meow.
GINTOKI: Don't meow!
Katsura: It appears that my transformation\Ninto a cat is advancing meow.
GINTOKI: That meow really pisses\Nme off! It isn't cute!
Kondo: You're a hopeless bunch.
Kondo: I'll handle this.
Kondo: Philippines bananas and\NTaiwan bananas!
Kondo: Which do you want?!
Kondo: Make up your mind by the time I return!
GINTOKI: It doesn't look like he's ever turning back.
Lady: There now.
Lady: Eat your fill.
Lady: What's wrong?
Lady: Are you sleepy?
Lady: Please be gentle with them.
Katsura: So they successfully brought\Nthe owner to their side...
Katsura: Drugging our food...
Katsura: Damn cowardly humans...
GINTOKI: You're also a human.
Kondo: I'll never trust humans again!
Kondo: Humans around the world\Nare after our bananas!
GINTOKI: Nobody's after your dirty banana!
GINTOKI: Man...
GINTOKI: Why are they collecting cat balls?
GINTOKI: Are they trying to summon\NShenlong or something?
GINTOKI: [Note: The wish-granting dragon\Nfrom the manga Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: I haven't had anything to eat for a day.
GINTOKI: My tail is starting to look\Nlike a frankfurter.
Katsura: We'll have to forget about returning to normal\Nfor now and focus on securing food meow.
Kondo: How are we supposed\Nto secure food baboo?
Katsura: Hunt down some mice
Katsura: or beg humans for food meow.
Kondo: Th-That's not funny baboo!
Kondo: How could a samurai behave like that?!
Kondo: I'd rather die than be domesticated baboo!
Hoichi: Then die.
GINTOKI: Ho-Hoichi!
Hoichi: Your pride won't do you any good when\Nyou're trying to make it in this place.
Hoichi: The only pride you need here\Nis the pride to survive.
GINTOKI: Is it safe to wander around here?
Katsura: Does he intend to teach us how to hunt?
GINTOKI: Why would he do that?
GINTOKI: He's a violent bastard that attacked\Nme the second I turned into a cat.
Katsura: I don't believe he was entirely serious.
Katsura: but none have been seriously injured.
Katsura: He stops once you've shown you're\Nbrave enough to stand firm...
Girl: Ooh! It's a parade of cats!
Oryo: Oh? Why if it isn't Hoichi?
Oryo: What? Are you going somewhere\Nwith your friends?
Oryo: It's a stray that often\Ncomes here for food.
GINTOKI: Wh-What the hell?!
GINTOKI: They love him?!
GINTOKI: When he's old?!
GINTOKI: When he's so ugly?!
Hoichi: You have to be selective\Nwhen begging for food.
Hoichi: Young girls make great targets.
Hoichi: and they think of themselves as cute\Nwhen they fawn over animals.
Hoichi: Lonely-looking young men will also work.
Hoichi: Act cute.
Hoichi: Got it?
Hoichi: It's all in how you act.
Hoichi: Aim for the ugly-cute.
Kondo: Ugly cute?!
Kondo: Such a mythical style actually\Nexists in the animal world?!
Kondo: I'll do it! I'll give it a shot!
Kondo: This may be where I truly belong!
Kondo: Well?
Kondo: Ugly-cute? Gross-cute?
GINTOKI: Ugly-gross.
GINTOKI: You have no chance.
GINTOKI: Your ugly factor is too strong.
GINTOKI: Any half-assed measures\Nwill only make it worse.
GINTOKI: Only piss people off.
Kondo: What was that?!
Kondo: Don't mess with gorillas!
Kondo: Do you know the gorilla's\Nscientific name?!
Kondo: It's "Gorilla gorilla gorilla"!
Kondo: It's gorilla all the way!
Kondo: A reincarnation ring of gorilla!
Kondo: Please help me!
Katsura: We'll be shot down if we act individually.
Katsura: Have you heard of the\Nshow "Shimura Zoo"?
Katsura: The one with a chimpanzee\Nwalking a dog around.
Katsura: We'll go with the gorilla-cat version.
Katsura: Operation Gorilla Shimura Guerrilla.
Kondo: I see!
Katsura: Then call Ken Shimura here at once!
Kondo: Got it! I'm off to Higashimurayama!
Kondo: [Note: Ken Shimura once covered a song\Nbased on the city of Higashimurayama.]
GINTOKI: Hey! This has nothing to\Ndo with {\i1}that{\i0} Shimura!
GINTOKI: That would be Operation Shimura\NLachryma Ooh-La-La!
Otae: That's right.
Otae: And Gin-san hasn't returned yet.
Kyu: There's no need to worry.
GINTOKI: A-A different Shimura showed up!
GINTOKI: This is bad.
GINTOKI: Let's pull back!
Kondo: No! Otae-san might be\Nable to recognize us!
GINTOKI: The leash from Operation\NShimura is still...!
Kondo: Otae-san! It's me! Me!
Kondo: Kondo!
Otae: Cats are walking a gorilla!
Otae: Stupid-cute!
Otae: A gorilla would walk a cat.
Otae: But this gorilla is amazing!
Otae: Amazingly stupid!
Otae: Stupid-cute!
GINTOKI: St-Stupid-cute?
Otae: What is this?
Otae: How stupid is he?
Otae: Did he run away from a mental zoo?
Kondo: Otae-san...
Kondo: That Otae-san...
Kondo: ...is petting my head!
Kondo: I'm so glad I was born a gorilla!
Hoichi: There isn't time to celebrate.
Hoichi: Beg for food.
Kondo: Who needs food?!
Kondo: This memory will last me a lifetime!
GINTOKI: Shut up!
GINTOKI: Just get us food!
Otae: Do you have anything?
Kyu: I only have a boneless ham on me.
GINTOKI: That'll do! We don't need anything else!
GINTOKI: Give! Give to us!
GINTOKI: And why is she walking around\Nwith a huge chunk of meat?!
GINTOKI: Is she headed for Castlevania?!
Otae: Guess we can't do anything then.
Kyu: I'll bring something better next time.
GINTOKI: Huh?!
GINTOKI: I said that it'll do!
GINTOKI: Where are you going to use\Nthat ham if not here?!
Otae: Sorry about bothering you to fix my TV.
Kyu: It's nothing.
Kyu: I just have to give it a good smack\Nwith this boneless ham.
GINTOKI: Do you really have to use\Na boneless ham for that?!
Otae: Sorry.
Otae: A boneless ham has too much\Nsalt so it wouldn't be healthy.
GINTOKI: It's okay! Don't worry about that!
GINTOKI: This looks 100 times more unhealthy!
GINTOKI: Goddamn it!
GINTOKI: The woman dangled a ham before us\Nbefore leaving us with this dark matter!
GINTOKI: Left us with this huge piece of shit!
Katsura: Operation Shimura with the shitmura.
GINTOKI: We'll turn this guy into ham!
GINTOKI: There! Take that!
Kyu: S-Sorry...
Kyu: Keep this a secret from Otae-chan.
GINTOKI: K-Kyubei-kun...
GINTOKI: Did you change your mind\Nand bring the ham...?
GINTOKI: She took the dark matter with her!
GINTOKI: She's eating it?!
GINTOKI: She's gonna eat it?!
Kondo: Unbelievable...
Kondo: All this effort and we still\Ncan't secure food...
Kondo: This is the world of stray\Ncats in Kabukicho...?
Hoichi: Don't start sobbing after failing one hunt.
Hoichi: Tail up and stare straight ahead.
Hoichi: Look.
Kondo: Isn't that Sogo?!
Kondo: Is he looking for me?
Kondo: Sorry about making you worry!
GINTOKI: He keeps glancing over here.
GINTOKI: He blushed?
GINTOKI: Huh? What?
GINTOKI: He likes cats?
GINTOKI: Does he like cats?
Kondo: The sight of a gorilla must have\Nreminded him of how I'm missing.
GINTOKI: Ah. Isn't that a sausage?
Kondo: Shinsengumi sausage!
Kondo: My favorite Shinsengumi sausage!
Katsura: It's my favorite Shinsengumi sausage!
Kondo: Bastard! How can you say that when\Nyou're in the Anti-Foreigner Faction?!
Kondo: That sausage is only for\NShinsengumi members!
Katsura: Fool! You are no longer a member\Nof the Shinsengumi!
Katsura: You're just a Gorilla gorilla gorilla!
Kondo: Don't use the scientific name!
Kondo: Want me to kill you?!
Kondo: Bastard! Why are you\Nbegging by yourself?!
Katsura: I'm the one who gets to beg!
Kondo: Hey! Are you really in the\NAnti-Foreigner Faction?!
Katsura: Shut up!
Katsura: I am now Katsura katsura katsura!
Kondo: Let me go!
Kondo: The sausage is mine!
Okita: Huh? What are you doing?
Kondo: What are you talking about?
Kondo: That's clearly a sausage!
GINTOKI: Damn kid!
GINTOKI: I'll neuter you!
Hoichi: Wait! There's another target over there!
GINTOKI: Th-That's!
Kondo: I-Isn't that Toshi?!
GINTOKI: He keeps glancing over here.
GINTOKI: What? It's creeping me out.
Katsura: He pulled something out.
GINTOKI: Can I ask you something?
Kondo: What?
GINTOKI: What's he doing?
GINTOKI: What is that?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Does he want to be killed?
GINTOKI: Huh? I don't want that crap!
GINTOKI: Do you want us to kill you?!
GINTOKI: Why are you showing\Nit off?! Pisses me off!
GINTOKI: He thinks we want some?! Pisses me off!
Kondo: Toshi! Please stop!
Kondo: It's embarrassing!
GINTOKI: I can't take this anymore!
Kondo: Ah! Wait!
Hijikata: Huh? What are you doing?
GINTOKI: What the hell are {\i1}you{\i0} doing?!
GINTOKI: I'll kill you! I'll definitely kill you!
Kondo: Forgive him!
Kondo: He's not used to this!
Kondo: He's not used to this kind of thing!
Kondo: He thinks that everyone in the\Nworld loves mayonnaise!
Kondo: Calm down and move\Non to the next target!
Kondo: Okay? Let's move on!
Hijikata: Hey.
Hijikata: Just kidding.
Hijikata: Keep it a secret.
GINTOKI: Let's hunt him.
Kondo: Nothing to show for a whole day of work.
Kondo: We don't have the talent to be strays.
GINTOKI: Who wants to have that talent?
GINTOKI: You give up on turning back to normal?
GINTOKI: Oh?
Hoichi: So much for that. I'll show you\Nmy special place for food.
GINTOKI: Hmm?
GINTOKI: Hey... This is...
Otose: Oh? Here's a rare visit.
GINTOKI: O-Old hag...?!
GINTOKI: What are we supposed to do?!
GINTOKI: We're still going to be cats next week?!
Kondo: Okay!
Kondo: Huh?
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: Freedom Means to Live True\Nto Yourself, not Without Law!
GINTOKI: [Fun fact: The scientific name of the\NWestern Lowland Gorilla is "Gorilla gorilla gorilla."]
GINTOKI: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
Otose: I never would have expected\Nyou to bring friends.
Otose: Now there's a rare sight.
Otose: I figured you were still running\Naround on your own.
Otose: This fella isn't as bad as people say.
Otose: He's just a bit more awkward than most.
Hoichi: Haven't you had enough to eat?
Otose: You're already leaving?
Otose: I see that you're as unfriendly as ever.
Otose: How many years will pass\Nbefore I see you again?
Otose: Be careful.
Otose: Don't get your balls taken.
Otose: You there.
Otose: Look after him for me.
Katsu: Sorry about the lack of manners\Naround this place.
Katsu: Dogs make much better pets than cats.
Katsu: but these freaks don't give a\Ndamn about their masters.
Katsu: They'll follow anyone if\Nthey get food out of it.
Katsu: Nobody can tell what they're scheming.
Cat: Mr. Katsuo...
Cat: Am I to interpret your words\Nas slander against us?
Katsu: I was talking about how my Mel-chan\Nis the cutest in the world.
Cat: It appears that the cats in this town have\Nmore spirit than your average stray.
Cat: Excellent specimens.
Cat: I'm willing to pay double your price.
Katsu: They're just strays.
Katsu: The people will rejoice if they're gone.\NNobody will complain.
Cat: Cats are creatures with two sides.
Cat: but we consider them messiahs\Nwho will save our planet.
Cat: We cannot take action which will\Ndraw attention to us.
Cat: Can we count on your cooperation\Nin assisting our planet?
Hoichi: Fool! Conceal your presence!
Hoichi: Guess that's it. We'll call it a day.
Hoichi: You're not gonna be able\Nto survive in this place.
GINTOKI: I-I don't want to learn how to hunt!
GINTOKI: How am I supposed to eat\Na cute little sparrow?!
GINTOKI: I wasn't raised the way you were!
GINTOKI: I'm human!
GINTOKI: Hey! You guys should pitch in!
GINTOKI: Wait! You guys adapt too fast!
Hoichi: It appears that they have\Nwhat it takes to be strays.
GINTOKI: What kind of stray cat would build a fire?!
Kondo: We can sit around the campfire!
GINTOKI: You people can burn into ashes!
GINTOKI: How long am I going to\Nhave to live like this?
GINTOKI: When will I turn back to normal?
GINTOKI: Shinpachi... Kagura...
GINTOKI: Wonder how they're doing?
GINTOKI: You believe my ridiculous story?
Hoichi: Why would I waste my time on\Nyou if I didn't believe you?
Hoichi: but I didn't expect you to\Nbe so slow in the head.
GINTOKI: D-Don't tell me...
Hoichi: You finally noticed?
GINTOKI: No way...
GINTOKI: You're Doraemo-
Hoichi: No!
Hoichi: Not even close!
Hoichi: How could you get Doraemon\Nfrom what I just said?!
GINTOKI: And perhaps your ears had\Nbeen bitten off by mice.
Hoichi: When did I ever say that\NI had been bitten by mice?!
Hoichi: When did I ever say that I had\Na four-dimensional pocket?!
GINTOKI: Could it be that you're Pa-Pa-
GINTOKI: Pa-meow?!
Hoichi: It's Pa-man!
Hoichi: Don't change it slightly!
Hoichi: Not even close!
GINTOKI: Then you...
GINTOKI: Why?
GINTOKI: Why is Lord Frieza here?!
GINTOKI: [Note: Frieza is a famous villain\Nfrom the manga Dragon Ball.]
Hoichi: My forehead's the only\Nthing that's even close!
GINTOKI: Can't you tell...?
GINTOKI: Huh? Huh?!
GINTOKI: Y-You aren't the final\Nform of Lord Frieza?!
Hoichi: That's what you're surprised about?!
GINTOKI: Hold on!
GINTOKI: How many years?
GINTOKI: How many years have you been a cat?
Hoichi: I turned into a cat thirteen years ago.
GINTOKI: You've already given up on\Nturning back into a human?
Hoichi: This is my penance.
Hoichi: I can't run away.
Hoichi: It is my burden to bear.
Hoichi: I was a lousy bastard even before\NI became a cat.
Hoichi: No different from what I am now.
Hoichi: A despicable man who twisted arms and\Nused force to get what he wanted.
Hoichi: The only difference was that I was a mere\Nyakuza at the bottom of the chain.
Hoichi: I killed anyone and everyone if ordered.
Hoichi: I took more human lives than\NI could possibly count.
Hoichi: It wasn't my fault.
Hoichi: I had to make a living.
Hoichi: I shifted all the blame to my employer.
Hoichi: Emptied my mind of thought and\Nfocused on working obediently.
Hoichi: But one day...
Hoichi: My only freedom during those brutal days\Ncame when I was playing with him.
Hoichi: my encounter with this small creature\Nwas what taught me the value of life.
Hoichi: I would no longer kill.
Hoichi: That was the promise I made him.
Hoichi: But my employer was\Nstill giving me orders.
Hoichi: A suicide mission for all\Nintents and purposes.
Hoichi: He must have noticed that\NI had outlived my usefulness.
Hoichi: I was prepared to die.
Hoichi: I would rather die than take another life.
Hoichi: That's how I felt.
Hoichi: I could see a human that resembled\Nme within that sea of blood.
Hoichi: I broke my promise and\Nended up in this form.
Hoichi: Yet he gave me his body\Nto help me survive.
Hoichi: So I made up my mind.
Hoichi: to protect those things that\Ncan never be replaced.
Hoichi: but I will protect those things\Nuntil this body dies.
Katsura: As I thought.
Katsura: Your practice of harassing newbies\Nwas to protect those cats.
Katsura: You attacked them so you could\Npersonally test to see if
Katsura: they have what it takes to survive\Nin this brutal Kabukicho.
Katsura: To avoid needless loss of life...
Katsura: Fear was the only way to control the\Nfoul-tempered cats in this town.
Hoichi: I have nothing more to teach you.
Hoichi: I leave the rest to you.
GINTOKI: Huh?!
GINTOKI: Don't decide that on your own!
GINTOKI: We can't possibly do that!
Kondo: Yeah! I can't be a boss cat!
Kondo: Please change that to a boss gorilla!
Katsura: That isn't the issue here!
Hoichi: You guys should be fine.
Hoichi: I'm too old to hold those ruffians back.
Hoichi: Our relationship with humans deteriorated to\Nthe point where neutering came into practice
Hoichi: because I wasn't able to control them.
Katsura: What are you saying?!
Katsura: I'm sure that the cats will have a\Nchange of heart when they learn
Katsura: how you've sacrificed yourself\Nto protect them!
Katsura: You are the only one who can\Nserve as boss cat in this town!
Hoichi: I was never boss cat material.
Hoichi: But there's still something\Nthis old body can do.
GINTOKI: Don't tell me...
GINTOKI: You're going to save the ones\Nwho've been caught?!
GINTOKI: An uprising?
Katsura: Enough!
Katsura: Do you fools have any idea\Nhow Master Hoichi has...
Hoichi: Run for it.
Hoichi: I'm leaving the rest to you.
GINTOKI: Hoichi!
Hoichi: Saves me the trouble.
Hoichi: I was on my way to see the dumb faces\Non the cats who've been caught.
E: Wh-Why doesn't he fight back?!
Katsu: A fine haul!
Katsu: Got them all in one go!
Hoichi: What are you doing?!\NGet the heck out of here!
GINTOKI: Hoichi!
shinpachi: The Gutter Rat Gang is apparently behind the\Nproject to capture Kabukicho strays.
shinpachi: when they were actually selling them\Noff to Planet Catnip's embassy.
shinpachi: And none of the cats they've\Ncaptured have returned.
Otose: Thought so.
Otose: I knew that something was up.
Otose: I heard that they were on\Nthe hunt again last night.
Otose: A large number of strays\Nwere caught.
Otose: This town's looking pretty clean now.
shinpachi: so humans and cats would have\Nan easier time living in this town.
shinpachi: But this is...
shinpachi: A town without a single stray cat...
shinpachi: I wouldn't call this clean.
Kagura: Let's crash 'em!
Kagura: Crash the embassy and save the strays!
Kagura: And Gin-chan might have been\Ncaught up in their conspiracy!
Otose: Forget it.
Otose: We're dealing with an embassy here.
Otose: One wrong move and you\Nwon't be getting off lightly.
Kagura: But!
Otose: There's no need to worry.
Otose: You think this is enough to\Nget rid of the strays
Otose: who've managed to\Nsurvive in this town?
Otose: Don't do anything foolish.
Otose: This is their territory.
Otose: Cats have their own sense of honor.
GINTOKI: We can still turn back.
GINTOKI: This won't help us return\Nto our original bodies.
GINTOKI: We might die.
GINTOKI: As cats.
GINTOKI: Didn't you hear Hoichi?
Hoichi: I'm leaving the rest to you.
Kondo: I could never be a boss cat.
Kondo: So I have no obligation\Nto keep that promise.
Katsura: but I have no intention of living\Nas a cat or dying as a cat.
Katsura: It doesn't matter if we're cat or gorilla.
Katsura: We fight for our friends.
Katsura: That is the samurai way.
GINTOKI: Is that so?
GINTOKI: We'll stake everything we have\Nto protect the things
GINTOKI: you've staked everything to protect.
All: The Kabukicho Boss Cat Alliance!
All: On the scene!
GINTOKI: A-All according to plan.
Katsura: Right...
Katsura: We've successfully infiltrated\Nthe enemy base...
Kondo: Y-Yeah... Just as planned...
Kondo: So what do we do now?
Kondo: Help!
Kondo: I'm a gorilla! Not a cat!
Kondo: This has nothing to do with me!
Kondo: No!
Kondo: I don't want to die with these fools!
GINTOKI: Keep it down!
Kondo: We should all be ashamed after talking\Nbig and walking into that pitfall!
GINTOKI: Why's that? I'm not ashamed at all!
GINTOKI: It was all according to plan!
GINTOKI: I'm not worried at all!
Katsura: This isn't the time to fight\Namongst ourselves.
Katsura: Look at his belt.
Katsura: We must grab those keys.
GINTOKI: Listen up.
Katsura: I will!
GINTOKI: Just get going. We have no time.
Katsura: Hey! I'm saying that it's impossible!
GINTOKI: I said to get going!
GINTOKI: He's out! His body's out!
Katsura: Hey! What am I supposed to do now?!
Katsura: My neck is stuck tight!
Katsura: I'll suffocate if my legs fall behind!
GINTOKI: Keep it down! They'll notice!
GINTOKI: You just need to get your head out!
GINTOKI: Push harder! Come on!
Katsura: Easy for you to say!
Katsura: My tail! My tail is caught in\Nthe automatic door!
Katsura: Dying!
Katsura: My head's gonna come off!
GINTOKI: Out! Get out!
GINTOKI: You have to get that head out if you want\Nto survive! There's no other way!
Katsura: I'm dying!
Katsura: You're going to kill me before\Nmy head ever pops out!
GINTOKI: Pretend like you're the\NTom in Tom and Jerry!
GINTOKI: You can do it!
GINTOKI: You can match Tom!
GINTOKI: Flatten yourself and slip on through!
GINTOKI: H-He's free!
GINTOKI: Grab the key and open us up!
GINTOKI: You okay? Still got your tail?
GINTOKI: Why is my tail out?!
GINTOKI: Why mine instead of yours?!
GINTOKI: Why did you have to pull my tail out?!
GINTOKI: Hey! Don't use my tail like that!
Katsura: Now's our chance. Get out.
GINTOKI: Why are you using it like a beam saber?!
GINTOKI: What's going on with that thing?!
GINTOKI: And we didn't even need the key!
GINTOKI: Give that back!
GINTOKI: I'll use it!
Katsura: I'll hold them here!
GINTOKI: Don't pull out your tail like\Nit's completely normal!
Kondo: I'll show you the power of the Force!
GINTOKI: What the hell are you using?!
GINTOKI: That's got nothing to do with the Force!
GINTOKI: That's just your dirty hose!
Katsura: What are you doing?! Hurry up!
Katsura: Grant the stray cats of Kabukicho!
Kondo: And their proud king!
Both: True freedom!
Otose: I once picked up another stray\Nwho was just like you.
Otose: The next episode...
Otose: Kabukicho Stray Cat Blues.
 Name:  Text
Hoichi: Can't you tell...?
Hoichi: to protect those things that\Ncan never be replaced.
GINTOKI: An uprising?
Hoichi: I'm leaving the rest to you.
GINTOKI: Hoichi!
Katsura: What are you doing?! Hurry up!
Katsura: Grant the stray cats of Kabukicho!
Kondo: And their proud king!
Both: True freedom!
Katsuo: We've captured most of\Nthe strays in Kabukicho.
Amb: Thank you for your cooperation.
Amb: Well? Are there any to your liking?
Katsuo: Moron! Don't make any\Nstupid comments.
Katsuo: The cats will rip you apart and eat you.
Katsuo: That's their king.
Katsuo: Moron! You're too loud!
Katsuo: He's obviously being discreet because he\Ndoesn't want people to know he's here!
King: Meow!
King: Meow!
King: Meow-yeow.
TL: I apologize for any inconvenience\Ncaused by assembling you here.
TL: I must confess that I have\Na favor to ask of you.
King: Mew.
King: Meow.
TL: I am actually the king\Nof a certain planet...
King: Purr.
TL: I have grown old without\Nproducing any children.
King: Meorw.
TL: And I must say that my wife\Nis a dead fish in bed.
King: Mrrow.
TL: Practically copulationless.
TL: I've become a master at going solo.
TL: so normal sex completely fails to...
King: Myao.
King: Meows.
TL: My nation is currently in an\Nuproar over succession.
King: Meyow.
TL: That is why I must ask a favor of you.
King: Meowzer.
TL: Could you all please give me your balls?
King: Meow-ow.
TL: There is an ancient legend on our planet.
King: Nagas.
TL: [Note: Parody of the manga "Dragon Ball".]
King: Meowes.
King: Meowlos.
TL: Will you assist in awakening
King: Meow.
TL: my slumbering Shenlong?
Katsuo: That king plans on extracting cat balls
Katsuo: to produce the potent aphrodisiac\NCatnip Omega!
King: Meowsus.
King: Meowgos.
TL: But this isn't enough.
King: Meof.
TL: Your Golden Balls can shine brighter.
King: Meows.
TL: Do you know when seeds have\Nthe greatest survivability?
TL: It isn't when you find a DVD-porn that\Nperfectly matches your tastes.
TL: Nor is it when you encounter\Na ravishing female cat.
King: It is when your life is in danger.
King: Golden Balls shine brightest in an attempt\Nto leave its seed in this world.
King: Now tremble in fear!
King: You are currently faced\Nwith imminent death!
King: Fuel it with all your energy!
King: There's no need to worry!
Hoichi: I won't let you pass...
Hoichi: I won't let you get one step past me.
King: I-It's standing! On two legs!\NWh-What is that?!
King: What is up with that cat?!
Katsuo: It's the king.
Katsuo: That is the boss cat which\Nrules over Kabukicho...
Katsuo: Reigning over the stray cats...
King: M-Magnificent!
King: The vitality! Courage!
King: Brimming with virility!
All: WHY?!
Hoichi: Come on...
Hoichi: Hold on a little longer...
Hoichi: Just a little longer...
Hoichi: Hang in there...
Hoichi: Don't fall apart on me...
Hoichi: This guy's the last one...
Hoichi: Lend me your body...
Hoichi: A little longer...!!
Otose: You awake?
Otose: So you're the stray who's been making a\Nname for himself in Kabukicho recently.
Otose: You're a fool to pick fights with dogs.
Otose: Good thing you only lost your ears.
Otose: You're quite a handsome one.
Otose: There's no need to worry.
Otose: The charge you were protecting\Nis fine as you can see.
Otose: You're not very well-liked.
Otose: I was wondering why it felt like\Nthis wasn't our first meeting.
Otose: You're exactly like him.
Otose: I once picked up another stray.
Otose: A stupid cat that was your\Nmatch in every way.
Otose: I don't know how he ended\Nup there though.
Otose: Always seemed as though he\Nwere looking for something.
Otose: Butting in where he wasn't wanted\Nand pitting his own body
Otose: to protect the things that were\Nimportant for other people.
Otose: Almost like he was trying\Nto atone for something.
Otose: Didn't get close to anyone.
Otose: He was always alone...
Otose: Just like you...
Otose: Maybe he was afraid of enduring\Nthe pain of loss again...
Otose: Maybe he didn't want others\Nto experience what he had...
Otose: Perhaps he was trying to punish himself.
Otose: But you know...
Otose: There were other strays who\Nwere drawn to that idiot.
Otose: Soon he could no longer stay alone.
Otose: Maybe he just learned from them.
Otose: That fatalism won't make anyone happy.
Otose: You protect and suffer losses.
Otose: You're protected and suffer losses.
Otose: But then you take on a new burden.
Otose: That's life.
Otose: I start to feel that it's not too bad.
Otose: Why am I saying all this to a cat?
Otose: I was somehow reminded\Nof how he used to be.
Otose: Live positively.
Otose: I'm sure you have friends\Nwaiting to support you.
Otose: The ones you care for would\Nwant you to do so...
Hoichi: I can't make anything happen\Nby being positive...
Hoichi: I don't deserve any friends when I\Ncouldn't even protect my only pal...
Hoichi: I forgot how to make friends\Na long time ago.
Hoichi: Sorry I couldn't protect you\Nall till the very end...
Hoichi: I'm a failure
Hoichi: of a boss cat...
Hoichi: Sorry...
Hoichi: Gi-
Hoichi: Gin!!
Hoichi: Gi-
Hoichi: Gin!!
Amb: What is that cat?!
GINTOKI: Bastards!
GINTOKI: Did you hear what he said?!
GINTOKI: He just voluntarily gave up\Nhis position as boss cat!
GINTOKI: Kabukicho no longer has a boss cat!
GINTOKI: Live by your own rules!
GINTOKI: Think long and hard before you answer!
GINTOKI: He's no longer the boss cat!
GINTOKI: So who is this dirty rag-like Doraemon?!
Cats: He's just another
Cats: pal!
Amb: I-Impossible!
Amb: The strays are uniting!
Amb: This is...! This is...!!
King: M-Magnificent!
King: Witness that swarming wave of virility!
King: That's it! That is what is needed\Nfor Catnip Omega...!
Amb: We must evacuate!
Amb: It's dangerous here!
King: No!
King: I want my Catnip Omega\Nso I can be nippy!
King: Nippy I tell you!
Katsura: Did you know?
Katsura: Naughty cats...
Katsura: ...learn to behave if you neuter them.
Amb: I've never heard that before...
King: That couldn't be enough to\Nstop my burning pathos...
Katsura: Why don't we find out?
Both: Huh?
Katsuo: Are you a moron?
Katsuo: How could that fool be a king?
Katsuo: This wasn't a bad job.
Katsuo: Of a true cat king...
Hoichi: you abolished monarchy and turned\NKabukicho into a lawless land.
Hoichi: They'll run wild now.
GINTOKI: They'll be fine without a boss cat now.
GINTOKI: Since they understand the pain\Ntheir pal's been through.
GINTOKI: And you can forget all the\Ntedious stuff and live easy.
Hoichi: I...
GINTOKI: Fatalism won't make anyone happy.
Otose: Live positively.
GINTOKI: Your buddy didn't give you his\Nbody to help you survive
GINTOKI: for you to atone.
GINTOKI: Don't you think he wanted his chained\Nfriend to live free like a stray?
GINTOKI: That would be the Kabukicho way.
Hoichi: Don't worry.
Hoichi: I won't ask you to succeed\Nme as boss cat again.
Hoichi: I just...
Hoichi: I want to be pals with...
Katsura: I've been thinking...
Katsura: The cats in this grave might\Nnot have been cursing us.
Katsura: It's possible that they only wanted\Nus to save Master Hoichi.
Katsura: It's possible that they knew how\NMaster Hoichi was suffering.
Katsura: It's possible that I had diarrhea.
GINTOKI: It's damn obvious if you\Nwere the one who did it!
GINTOKI: Hey! Something weird's popped out!
GINTOKI: Isn't this p-
Katsura: Give my regards to Master Hoichi!
GINTOKI: Give my regards to Master Hoichi?
GINTOKI: And it stinks!
Otose: I see.
Otose: So the strays were safely released\Nfrom the embassy.
shinpachi: Yes.
shinpachi: so the neighborhood association is saying\Nthat they should still be neutered.
Otose: So?
shinpachi: but he was apparently in a rough situation where\Nhe couldn't have anything sweet to eat.
Clerk: Thank you very much.
Kagura: What? I don't need to.
Sa-chan: Too much of a pain.
Otae: Line up right now.
All: We're very sorry!
Otae: The next episode...
Otae: Cooking is About Guts.
 Name:  Text
Kagura: Time to eat!
Kagura: I live for this stuff!
GINTOKI: We've been having egg over\Nrice for how many days now?
Kagura: No idea.
Kagura: I don't dwell on the past.
Kagura: No lingering on relationships that\Nare over. That's my motto.
GINTOKI: Forget the past.\NLook at the garbage disposal.
GINTOKI: It's filled with the remains of\Nthe men you've dumped.
GINTOKI: We've been having egg\Nover rice forever...
GINTOKI: It's been egg over rice ever since\Nit's been your turn to cook.
GINTOKI: Three straight days of egg over rice...
GINTOKI: The eggs, the eggs are coming, rice!
Kagura: I can never get enough of this.
GINTOKI: That's you.
GINTOKI: That's because you reset your\Nbrain every single day.
GINTOKI: Because you lose your\Nsaved game every day.
GINTOKI: Because you start over from\NAliahan every day...
GINTOKI: [Note: First town in the game\NDragon Quest 3 (DQ3).]
GINTOKI: [Note: Another town in the game DQ3.]
GINTOKI: I haven't done anything\Nto save the world.
GINTOKI: This whole Aliahan narration\Nspiel starts flashing by.
GINTOKI: Enough of this.
GINTOKI: Let's go defeat Baramos.
GINTOKI: [Note: Boss character in DQ3.]
GINTOKI: It's time for the hero to leave the nest.
Kagura: Keeps nagging and nagging\Nlike a mother-in-law.
Shinpachi: but having it every day is too much.
Shinpachi: It's better when you only have\Nit once in a while.
Shinpachi: You need to have a balanced diet.
Otae: That's right.
Otae: You could also try scrambled\Neggs or rolled omelets.
Kagura: I don't need anything besides\Nmy egg over rice.
Kagura: I can survive if I've got my\Negg over rice with me.
Kagura: I'm never getting married.
Kagura: I'm leeching off Odd Jobs forever.
Kagura: Who would marry that good-for-nothing...
Kagura: Then I'll marry the Colonel.
Kagura: That old man has every chicken\Nunder his control.
Kagura: All the eggs and fried chicken I can eat.
Shinpachi: I'm pretty sure that the Colonel would\Nbe against egg over rice every day.
Otae: You'll have a rough time\Nif you marry the Colonel.
Shinpachi: The Colonel doesn't live on fried chicken.
Shinpachi: That's his job!
Otae: You need to learn to make stuff like pork\Ncutlets and croquettes for a balanced diet.
Shinpachi: Aren't those all fried?!
Shinpachi: Are you trying to kill the Colonel?!
Otae: This is a good opportunity.
Otae: Would you be willing to join me\Nin taking cooking classes?
Otae: You don't get a chance to learn if your\Nmother dies when you're still young.
Kagura: Can I marry the Colonel if\NI learn how to cook here?
Otae: He'll give you a fried ring at a fried\Nlounge bar while being fried.
Shinpachi: What do you take the Colonel for?
Shinpachi: There will only be more completely\Nburned objects.
Kyu: Otae-chan.
Kyu: Am I supposed to learn how to cook?
Kyu: Men do not step in the kitchen.
Kyu: This is one request I cannot follow...
Kyu: I will never become a bride.
Shinpachi: Now it's Ronald?!
Shinpachi: You girls must really love junk food!
Shinpachi: You people will eat anything\Nif it's been deep-fried!
Shinpachi: Why don't you just eat grease?!
Otae: you have to learn how to cook.
Otae: He'll end up sticking mother-in-law and sister-in-law\Nbetween two buns and terrible things will happen.
Shinpachi: What the hell is that?!\NA double In-law Burger?!
Sa: What are you whispering about?
Shinpachi: Sa-chan-san!
Sa: I won't allow you to beat\Nme to the punch!
Sa: I will be the one who\Nstirs Gin-san's natto!
Otae: You're still after Gin-san?
Otae: You should really snap out of it.
Otae: You could never be happy\Nwith that lazy bum.
Sa: Don't act like you know what\Nyou're talking about.
Sa: I'm only after the position of Gin-san's bride!
Sa: [Note: Mito Komon is the star of a long-running\NJapanese historical drama TV show.]
Shinpachi: but it has nothing to do with Mito Komon.
Shinpachi: You won't have all the natto you can eat.
Sa: I can watch all the Komon's anus I want!
Sa: [Note: A different character for "komon" means anus.]
Otae: You don't need to learn cooking to become\Nthe great Mito Komon's wife.
Shinpachi: [Note: The show had kunoichi bath\Nscenes to attract male viewers.]
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: Don't make it sound like Mito Komon\Nmade a move on Kaoru Yumi!
Teach: Did you all come here to chat?
Teach: Or did you come to learn how to cook?!
Teach: You have come to learn how\Nto express your affection!
Teach: Understand?
Teach: Cooking is not merely a daily chore!
Teach: You give flowers to the ones you love!
Teach: You hug the ones you love!
Teach: Cooking is but another\Nexpression of affection!
Shinpachi: She's lecturing us right off the\Nbat. Is that our teacher?
Shinpachi: [Note: Spoof of the show Iron Chef.]
Teach: Everyone together now!
Teach: Cooking is about love!
All: Cooking is about love!
Teach: Cooking is about love!
All: Cooking is about love!
Kagura: It was a press conference\Nto announce her divorce.
Teach: Cooking is about...
Kagura: It was a nasty mess with the husband\Ncheating for over ten years.
Sa: Oh?
Sa: So she's going on about love\Nwhen she has no one to love.
Sa: He ran away.
Shinpachi: Sa-chan-san! She can hear you!
Kyu: You're being rude.
Kyu: We can't be sure that she\Ndoesn't have a man.
Kyu: Or she may still have feelings\Nfor that pathetic man.
Teach: Well...
Teach: but I don't want to waste my time on little\Ngirls who have never held a knife before.
Teach: I shall be testing you now.
Teach: Cook any food to your liking and\Nthe team with the worst result
Teach: will immediately be kicked out!
Shinpachi: She is so staring right at us!
Teach: Pour all of your knowledge\Nand love into your cooking!
Teach: I will witness everything you do right\Nand everything you do wrong.
Teach: I won't miss a thing!
Teach: Now begin!
Shinpachi: Sh-She hasn't budged an inch.
Shinpachi: We've been marked.
Shinpachi: She's got her eyes on us!
Shinpachi: The teacher fully intends to get rid of us!
Kyu: so I didn't expect this to happen first.
Sa: There's no other way.
Sa: We'll have to work together.
Otae: but they can't beat us when\Nit comes to love.
Kagura: Fine by me!
Kagura: I'll show them my love for the Colonel!
Sa: For Mito's anus.
Otae: That's true.
Otae: We can't win if we're divided.
Otae: Beggars can't be choosers.
Otae: We'll compromise and go with\NInaba from the rock duo B'z.
Shinpachi: Why?!
Shinpachi: How do you wind up getting Inaba-san\Nout of Mito's anus?!
Shinpachi: You clearly chose him\Nfor your own reasons!
Shinpachi: Like an office lady's taste in\Nmen from a decade ago!
Sa: Don't give me that crap!
Sa: I said I wanted Mito's anus!
Kyu: Fine.
Kyu: I'll do whatever Otae-chan wants.
Kyu: We'll go with Inaba-san's asshole.
Shinpachi: Why asshole?!
Shinpachi: You're mixing in the anus talk!
Kagura: Hey! What happened to the Colonel?!
Kagura: Let's merge Inaba and the Colonel!
Shinpachi: Hey! That doesn't matter at this point!
Shinpachi: Let's start cooking!
Teach: It certainly matters!
Teach: Cooking is about love!
Teach: The key isn't what you make.
Teach: The key is who you're making\Nit for. Didn't you hear me?
Shinpachi: but Inaba-san and Komon-san\Naren't here!
Shinpachi: They won't be eating our cooking!
Shinpachi: What are we even trying\Nto choose here?!
Shinpachi: Why not go with Ken Shimura\Nto begin with?!
Sa: It's wrong to separate those two.
Sa: B'z only works when the two\Nof them are combined!
Shinpachi: Combining the two of them\Nwon't give you B'z!
Kyu: Understood. Then I'll do this.
Kyu: [Note: Japanese band from the 90's that was\Nfrom the same record company as B'z.]
Shinpachi: Where did WANDS come from?!
Shinpachi: [Note: Dragon Ball GT ending song by WANDS.]
Shinpachi: Do you people want me to take a rusty\Nmachine gun and shoot you down?!
Otae: This will never end at this rate.
Otae: We should forget about B'z for now.
Otae: Something similar to B'z...
Shinpachi: How are they similar?!
Shinpachi: You just stuck a 'z' in there\Nso it would look similar!
Otae: Then we'll go with KEN from Drifterz.
Sa: CHA would also make a fine choice.
Shinpachi: There are no such flashy\Nmembers in the Drifters!
Shinpachi: It's just Ken Shimura!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: What are you doing?!
Shinpachi: Everyone else has started cooking!
Teach: There are ingredients over there\Nso make whatever you want.
Shinpachi: I said KEN isn't here!\NKEN won't be eating!
Kagura: Can we just salt up this watermelon?
Kagura: He likes quick snacks.
Shinpachi: That wouldn't be considered cooking!
Kyu: But...
Kyu: Can we drop KEN for CHA?
Shinpachi: You're still on that subject?!
Shinpachi: Didn't we agree to drop\Nthat ridiculous topic?!
Shinpachi: That's just a pun!
Shinpachi: It has nothing to do with CHA!
Kagura: But I'd feel bad if we ditched KEN now.
Shinpachi: Enough of that!
Sa: Then we can just go with \NKATO-chan KEN-cha-han.
Shinpachi: Hello?!
Otae: Yep! You need both of them\Nfor KATOKEN to work!
Shinpachi: Nobody cares!
Shinpachi: Nobody at all!
Shinpachi: Cut it out already!
Shinpachi: What did we come here for anyway?!
Kyu: The question is how do we spice it up?
Kyu: We can add shrimp or scallops\Nfor a seafood flair...
Kyu: What do we do?
Kyu: What do KATO-chan\Nand KEN-chan like?
All: No clue.
Shinpachi: Don't give me that!
Shinpachi: You're the ones who decided\Nthat they like cha-han rice!
Shinpachi: We haven't made any progress at all!
Kagura: Let's go with seafood.
Kagura: Toss in wakame and kombu!
Shinpachi: Hey! Hold it!
Kagura: KEN has a receding hairline.
Kagura: He needs plenty of seaweed\Nfor minerals!
Shinpachi: It looks like a wig!
Kagura: You're so annoying.
Kagura: I'm wishing for KEN's head\Nto end up like this!
Otae: Then we should also throw in nori?
Shinpachi: Not needed! We have enough black!
Otae: Then we'll top it off with\Nsomething Rxxe21-like.
Shinpachi: Rxxe21-like?! That's clearly\NRxxe21 in your hand!
Shinpachi: It's not edible! It isn't seafood!
Otae: All creatures were born\Nfrom the mother sea.
Shinpachi: Rxxe21 wouldn't count!
Shinpachi: Is this fried rice solely for the\Npurpose of growing hair?!
Shinpachi: It'd be faster to stick kombu\Non KEN's head!
Sa: That's right!
Sa: I've been standing here quietly\Nwhile you all go on about KEN!
Sa: Just to be clear!
Sa: This fried rice is KATO-chan\NKEN-cha-han rice!
Sa: KATO-chan is also here!
Sa: KATO-chan and KEN-chan have\Nto be together for B'z to work!
Shinpachi: They aren't B'z!
Shinpachi: What the hell do you think B'z is?!
Otae: Then Sarutobi-san...
Otae: Let me ask you. What can\Nwe do for KATO-chan?
Shinpachi: What are you talking about?
Otae: He has plenty of hair. Lots of money.
Otae: Popular with the girls. Isn't\Nhe already happy?
Otae: Has this really cool blog...
Shinpachi: What's wrong with that?!
Shinpachi: You can't have a cool blog\Nif you're balding?!
Shinpachi: What's the problem?!
Otae: he's totally cool on the inside.
Otae: He isn't anything like a weird old man.
Otae: He isn't harumph at all...
Shinpachi: He's so harumph!
Shinpachi: What's wrong with that?!
Shinpachi: That's the point!
Shinpachi: That makes him cool!
Sa: So he wasn't "fine and dandy" at all...
Sa: I'm sorry.
Sa: I had no idea.
Shinpachi: I have no idea why you're apologizing!
Sa: But...
Sa: Is it okay if I say something?
Sa: Gets completely naked\Nwhen he takes a crap...
Otae: Isn't that taboo?
Otae: I'm sorry... I had no idea...
Shinpachi: How could you possibly\Nknow that anyway?!
Otae: KATO-chan and KEN-chan\Nare hurting and tired...
Shinpachi: How?!
Sa: If only we could make some cha-han\Nrice to cheer them up...
Sa: But we're so useless...
Otae: A little girl who's rarely used\Na knife in the kitchen
Otae: could never cook anything full\Nof love to cheer someone up...
Sa: We had no chance from the beginning...
Shinpachi: What's with the gloomy mood?
Shinpachi: How did we go from KATO-chan\Npooping naked to this?
Shinpachi: Why is Kyubei-san joining in?
Kagura: It isn't impossible!
Shinpachi: Mentaiko?
Kagura: Please try it.
Teach: Disgusting.
Teach: But...
Teach: I couldn't accept this.
Teach: Now get going.
Teach: I have nothing to teach you.
Teach: Cooking is about love.
Teach: Never forget those words.
All: Okay!
Otae: We did it!
Kyu: We've been titled masters.
Kagura: Now Gin-chan can't complain!
Teach: That's what I want to know.
Teach: Who is KATO-chan KEN-chan?
Ast: No idea...
Kagura: Good idea.
Kagura: Cooking is about...
All: Love!
Cho: Hopeless.
GINTOKI: Sure was fast.
GINTOKI: I hate how the year goes\Nby faster as we get older.
GINTOKI: the years will pass at the\Nspeed of a Formula 1 car.
Kagura: I've still got a long ways to go.
GINTOKI: My Ben Johnson is already up to here.
GINTOKI: Don't get too cocky because\Nyou're all still young.
GINTOKI: Your Ben Johnson will fall\Nbehind soon enough.
Kagura: For real?
Kagura: Ben Johnson's gonna fall out??
Kagura: I prefer Carl Lewis over Ben Johnson.
Kagura: He's cooler.
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: It's still January!
Shinpachi: And haven't we had the exact same\Nconversation three years in a row?!
GINTOKI: That's 'cause this whole\Nsegment was recycled.
Kagura: Yeah.
Shinpachi: Your lines are exactly the same\Nas the ones from last year!
GINTOKI: They've been working\Nhard on this anime.
GINTOKI: But you know...
GINTOKI: It's the end of the year and they're\Nalso working on the movie.
GINTOKI: The staff's gotten used to slacking at\Na TV schedule the last four years.
GINTOKI: It doesn't take long for them\Nto run out of steam.
GINTOKI: They're the type you expect
GINTOKI: to start clutching their stomachs before they've\Neven left the starting area of a marathon.
Shinpachi: Nobody wants to hear about\Nwhining behind the scenes.
GINTOKI: That's how all the other anime do it.
GINTOKI: We can all rest easy.
Shinpachi: Did you just say that the\NTV series will end?
Shinpachi: The show's ending in April?
GINTOKI: Didn't we say that we were entering\Nthe final arc back in episode 125?
GINTOKI: I only tell the truth.
GINTOKI: Grown adults would never\Nlie about ending a show...
Shinpachi: Hold on!
Shinpachi: Who would remember something\Nyou said a year ago?!
Kagura: Entering the final stage of the final arc.
GINTOKI: I shall explain now!
Kagura: A countdown really began back\Nwhen we said it would.
Shinpachi: Huh? Really?
Shinpachi: You just told everybody!
Shinpachi: Why is this final little gimmick\Nstill half-assed?!
Kagura: The boy who cried wolf was\Ntelling the truth in the end.
Kagura: Though that was when he died.
GINTOKI: And we only have a few numbers\Nleft in this new year.
GINTOKI: But I don't really like having a movie\Nright after the TV show ends.
GINTOKI: Like how those recent TV dramas do it?
GINTOKI: The TV show ends up feeling\Nlike a promotion for the movie.
GINTOKI: That's insulting the viewers who've\Nbeen watching every week!
GINTOKI: I would never go see\None of those movies!
GINTOKI: You'd better not be fooled by\Nthese sneaky ticket sets!
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shinpachi: Why is that the only footage that's new?!
Shinpachi: And it has nothing to do with the movie!
GINTOKI: so you'd better not be fooled.
GINTOKI: why not live a pretty life to the very end?
Shinpachi: That's way too tempting!!
Hijikata: Why did he have to come now?
Hijikata: We're about to battle it out with\Nthe Anti-Foreigner Faction...
Hijikata: Why?
Hijikata: [The staff went ahead and ate the tasty cha-han\Nrice from the gag in this episode.]
Hijikata: [The scent of the wakame\Nin the cha-han was intense.]
 Name:  Text
Abuto: and the rundown building was dubbed\Na concentration camp by some.
Abuto: The Metropolitan Yato\NIndustrial High School.
Abuto: This is the story of one man who arrived\Nin this school full of savages...
Kamui: I'll kill ya.
Abuto: Bebop.
Men: Kamui-kun!
Blackboard: [Kamui - Episode 1]
Kamui: I only have interest in\Nthose who are strong.
Umi: Hey! What do you think you're\Ndoing on your first day here?!
E: Bastard's got cheek.
Abuto: You read that as "Kamui"?
Abuto: Hey.
Abuto: I said hey.
Abuto: Can't you hear me?
Abuto: Are the things protruding from your\Nhead supposed to be doorknobs?
Abuto: Eh?
Kamui: How about a contest?
Abuto: Huh?
Abuto: Ungyo!
Abuto: Lend me your fingers!
Ungyo: I think I'll transfer...
Abuto: Is this going to help us\Nout in the real world?
Abuto: I was spewing a typical adolescent question after\Nfailing this important juncture in life eight times.
Abuto: I no longer show up for New Year's gatherings 'cause\NI can't stand all the stares from the relatives.
Abuto: Never show up!
Abuto: That was when one particular\Nman arrived before me.
Kamui: I'll kill ya.
Abuto: Bebop.
Men: Kamui-kun!
Ungyo: I think I'll transfer...
Abuto: That scene from the current\Nending sequence.
Abuto: It has me set up as the only one\Nwho flunks and doesn't graduate.
Abuto: How mean is that?
Abuto: That was when one particular\Nman arrived before me.
Kamui: I'll kill ya.
Abuto: Bebop.
Men: Kamui-kun!
Kamui: Don't worry about anything else.
Abuto: Hey! Nincompoop!
Abuto: Don't tell me you're going to go\Noff to get payback by yourself...
Abuto: I won't allow you to do that.
Abuto: This is my problem.
Abuto: Got nothing to do with you!
Kamui: I'll be back.
Abuto: Don't give me that shit!
Abuto: Hold up!
Ungyo: I think I'll make him transfer...
Yamazaki: The enemy is hiding in Hotel Ikezuya.
Yamazaki: They plan on executing an armed\Ntakeover of the terminal tomorrow.
Yamazaki: They're meeting up at Ikezuya\Nto discuss their plans.
Yamazaki: I would assume that they're building morale for\Nthe upcoming battle with a feast of some sort.
Yamazaki: This is our only chance to stop their\Nplan and to bring them all in.
Kondo: It's a showdown...
Kondo: Squad 1 will join me in attacking\Nfrom the front.
Kondo: Squads 2 and 3 will follow their captains\Nand attack from the back.
Kondo: Don't let a single rat escape.
Kondo: Got it?
Kondo: The fate of Edo rests on our blades.
Kondo: Every battle we fight may be our last.
Kondo: Our backs are against the wall.
Kondo: Never look back.
Kondo: Focus only on the enemy.
Kondo: Open a path to the future\Nwith your swords.
Kondo: Let's go!
Master: Excuse me...we're booked for the day...
Kondo: We're here on official business.
Kondo: We'll need to have a look inside.
Master: Huh? Uh...
Hijikata: Oh...
Hijikata: He's got snot coming out...
Hijikata: He wouldn't have snot coming out now...
Hijikata: It's clearly snot.
Hijikata: Should I tell him?
Hijikata: But...
Hijikata: I don't want to do anything that would\Naffect our morale right now...
Hijikata: But still...
Kondo: Let's go!
All: Yeah!
Hijikata: Crap... I had better tell him...
Kondo: Why the funny face?
Hijikata: Kondo-san... Well...
Kondo: But there's no need to be ashamed.
Kondo: It's far more shameful to grow\Naccustomed to killing.
Kondo: hoping that we will be able\Nto bring peace one day.
Kondo: Humans are the only ones who\Ncan set other humans straight.
Hijikata: Th-Thanks...
Hijikata: That helped me snap out of it.
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Kondo: Very well. Squad 1 will head out\Nonce squad 3 is in position.
Hijikata: No...I can't tell him...
Hijikata: I'd rather die than tell someone who's being\Nserious that he's got snot going Tarzan.
Hijikata: Tarzan would fall into the ravine...
Hijikata: Can't do it...
Hijikata: I have to prevent that from happening...
Hijikata: I'll have to make him aware of the snot in\Npassing instead of pointing it out directly...
Hijikata: What options do I have...?
Hijikata: Hey! You lot!
Hijikata: We'll have a piss break\Nbefore we charge in.
Hijikata: Listen up.
Hijikata: You won't have time once\Nthe battle starts.
Hijikata: Take care of your business now.
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: Shut up!
Hijikata: You should go wash your face.
Hijikata: It'll help you focus.
Kondo: Really?
Kondo: I'll be gone for a bit then.
Kondo: Stay on your guard.
Hijikata: I can only pray that Tarzan will return\Nto the forest before anyone notices.
Kondo: Let's get going!
Men: Yeah!
Hijikata: T-Tarzan's come out to New York!
Hijikata: Why?!
Hijikata: What's going on?!
Hijikata: [Note: Referring to the Leviathan from the\N"Final Fantasy" video game series.]
E: Isn't there something on\Nhis nose? What is that?
Hijikata: This is bad... They're starting\Nto notice Leviathan...
Hijikata: Fall off!
Hijikata: Back you go to the Feymarch!
Hijikata: [Note: From Final Fantasy IV for the Nintendo DS.]
Hijikata: There it goes!
Hijikata: It's definitely gone now!
Kondo: What? Did I catch a cold?
Hijikata: N-Now Bahamut's been summoned!
Hijikata: Crap!
Hijikata: I didn't expect Bahamut to be\Nrenting the room next door!
Kondo: Very well. Squad 1 will also move out.
Men: Yeah!
Hijikata: I-It's impossible to hide now...
Hijikata: Bahamut and Leviathan...
Hijikata: They won't stop until\Neverything's destroyed...
Hijikata: What do I do?
Hijikata: So-Sogo!
Sogo: What is it?
Hijikata: Take squad 1 and use the\Nemergency stairwell.
Hijikata: Kondo-san in attacking from the front.
Sogo: Will the two of you be\Nokay by yourselves?
Hijikata: The goal is to confuse the enemy.
Hijikata: You don't need to worry.
Hijikata: I'm willing to die to protect Kondo-san.
Kondo: Toshi?
Hijikata: Let me handle this.
Hijikata: but the problem now is how to proceed.
Kondo: Stop!
Kondo: Don't look!
Hijikata: I have to do something before\Nthe situation gets ugly...
Hijikata: Eliminate the double dragons without messing\Nwith Kondo-san's serious manner.
Kondo: The enemy has people on patrol.
Kondo: and our ambush will fail.
Hijikata: There's no time to get hung\Nup about cleanliness.
Hijikata: I'll just use my hand.
Hijikata: There's no other way to bring\Ndown those giants.
Hijikata: Bahamut and Leviathan...
Hijikata: Which to go for first...
Hijikata: Guess I'll start with Bahamut.
Hijikata: Okay!
Hijikata: Bahamut just?!
Hijikata: What?!
Hijikata: Did it sense the impeding danger?!
Hijikata: Leviathan's doubled in size instead!
Hijikata: What's going on?!
Hijikata: Come on! Don't tell me Bahamut and\NLeviathan are connected in the back?
Hijikata: They're a couple?
Hijikata: That makes this easy then.
Hijikata: Grab one and they're both goners!
Hijikata: That's it!
Hijikata: I'll go for Zantetsuken!
Hijikata: [Note: Odin's trademark attack from FF series.]
Hijikata: My eyes! My eyes!
Kondo: You okay?!
Hijikata: Sn-Snot came flying out!
Hijikata: Snot came flying at me like a Flare spell!
Hijikata: What's going on?!
Kondo: Whoa!
Kondo: That was instant!
Hijikata: Th-That was close...
Hijikata: He was about to find out.
Hijikata: He wasn't!
Kondo: Snowbells...
Hijikata: Socrates!
Kondo: Onward!
Kondo: Soul Society!
F: Hey! That's s-...
Hijikata: Son Goku!
G: Whoa! S-...
Hijikata: 'Nothing to worry about!
H: The hell's up with this guy?!
H: He's a monster!
H: Run!
Okita: You won't get away!
Okita: Zaki!
Hijikata: Crap!
Yamazaki: Huh?
Hijikata: Yamazaki!
Hijikata: You okay?!
Hijikata: Who did this to you?!
Yamazaki: A vase suddenly...
Kondo: Zaki...
Kondo: Damn them!
Kondo: They won't get away with this!
Hijikata: Wait!
Hijikata: Hold on!
Hijikata: Here.
Hijikata: Your face is covered with the blood\Nthat's been splashing around.
Hijikata: Use this to wipe it off.
Kondo: Your face is the one that's\Ncovered with blood.
Hijikata: You won't be able to fight\Nif it gets into your eye!
Kondo: It's true that you're as good as dead if\Nyou lose your eyes on the battlefield.
Hijikata: H-Hey!
Hijikata: What is that?!
Hijikata: Why is his snot wiping his face?!
Hijikata: Why is the dirtiest part of his face\Ntrying to wipe his face clean?!
Hijikata: You aren't ready!
Hijikata: You're a complete mess!
Hijikata: He has total control of his snot...
Hijikata: What the hell?
Hijikata: What is that thing?
Hijikata: Stop it.
Hijikata: Stop abusing Kondo-san...
Hijikata: Get the hell out!
Kondo: Look out!
Kondo: Toshi!
Hijikata: Kondo-san!
Hijikata: Kondo-san!
Hijikata: The snot is gone...?
Snot: I'm sorry.
Snot: For deceiving you this whole time...
Snot: Toshi...
Hijikata: N-No way...
Snot: I am the true identity of Isao Kondo.
Snot: Snot Nebula 28...
Snot: [Note: Spoof of the Japanese hero Ultraman\Nand his home Nebula M78.]
Snot: That is my home galaxy.
Snot: and altered my appearance to allow\Nme to live amongst humans.
Snot: I had so much fun with you guys...
Hijikata: Sno...
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Hijikata: So everything I was trying to do to help\Nyou would have destroyed you?
Snot: That's how it should be.
Snot: It's the fate of snot to be blown\Ninto a tissue and throw away.
Hijikata: But...
Snot: I've lived too long...
Snot: I've grown too ugly and fat\Nto be kept inside a nose...
Snot: I wanted you to send me off...
Snot: Can you do me this favor...friend?
Hijikata: I'll come after you...
Snot: I'll be waiting...
Snot: I'll be waiting in Otae-san's nostrils...
Hijikata: Like hell I'd follow you there!!
Hijikata: Talking snot is damn disgusting!
Snot: Toshi...
Snot: Your fly was open...
Kondo: This is Ikezuya.
Kondo: This will be an intense fight.
Kondo: Stay focused.
Hijikata: Kondo-san...
Kondo: Hmm? What is it?
Hijikata: Your snot's going Tarzan on you.
GINTOKI: We have a question from someone\Nwith the pen name Mutaito.
GINTOKI: [Note: Based on the Master Roshi's\Nmaster from Dragon Ball.]
GINTOKI: and ended up staying in my room.
GINTOKI: Madao got completely naked and used a\Nfull power Evil Containment Wave on me.
GINTOKI: [Note: Master Roshi's technique.]
GINTOKI: He's beyond help.
GINTOKI: Please get completely naked and use a full power\NEvil Containment Wave to seal your uncle.
GINTOKI: They get worse as they age.
GINTOKI: I would love to show you what's going on inside the\Nminds of the staff members who make this show.
GINTOKI: A sunny and bright smile.
GINTOKI: A demeanor soft as a spring breeze.
GINTOKI: I'll brave any danger to\Nprotect that smile...
GINTOKI: Whoa! But not this kind of danger !
GINTOKI: The next episode...
GINTOKI: Not Losing to the Rain!
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: A woman's heart is as changeable\Nas the autumn sky?
GINTOKI: Pachinko's luck is as changeable\Nas the autumn sky is more like it.
GINTOKI: I was doing so well a moment ago.
GINTOKI: Maybe she should give up on the weather\Nand do forecasts for gambling luck.
Ketsu: Excuse me...
Ketsu: Did you forget your umbrella?
Ketsu: Would you like to share mine?
GINTOKI: But I'd feel bad.
Ketsu: Please use this.
GINTOKI: Hey!
GINTOKI: Hold on!
Ketsu: It doesn't matter if I catch a cold.
GINTOKI: It matters. Leave a bad\Ntaste in my mouth.
Ketsu: It doesn't matter.
Ketsu: Since this is my fault.
GINTOKI: What's your fault?
Ketsu: That's right.
Ketsu: It's my fault for giving an\Ninaccurate forecast.
GINTOKI: K-K-Ke...
Ketsu: It'll be sunny today!
GINTOKI: Ketsuno... Ana?!
Kusa: weather lady Ketsuno has been\Nfeeling under the weather.
Kusa: and she has finally stepped down\Nfrom her position on Wake Up TV.
Kusa: What do you think?
GINTOKI: You idiots!
GINTOKI: I told you to turn off the TV\Nwhen we have guests!
GINTOKI: Gin-chan? Who's that?
GINTOKI: He was killed in action long ago.
GINTOKI: I told you to forget about him already!
Kagura: Boo.
GINTOKI: Sorry about all the chaos.
GINTOKI: I actually have another twenty\Nor so employees.
GINTOKI: They're all out working today so I've only\Ngot dead weight to work with here.
GINTOKI: We're moving to Roppongi Hills soon.
GINTOKI: That's why the place is in disarray.
GINTOKI: Didn't I say that Gin-san is dead?!
GINTOKI: Call me President!
GINTOKI: Where's the tea? The wine?
GINTOKI: Didn't we have a 40s vintage bottle?
Kagura: You're very welcome.
Kagura: Nilo.
GINTOKI: This isn't like having some\Nclassmates over!
Kagura: Nilo is a delicious and healthy beverage that\Nboth children and adults should drink.
GINTOKI: That's only 'cause you like Nilo!
Ketsu: Thank you very much.
Ketsu: Nilo is always delicious.
GINTOKI: Right?
GINTOKI: Isn't Nilo the best thing ever?
GINTOKI: I apologize.
Kagura: Mild.
Shinpachi: What the hell would 40s\Nvintage Nilo be like?
Kagura: He's getting way too excited.
Shinpachi: You can't blame him.
Shinpachi: Gin-san is a huge fan of Ms. Ketsuno.
Shinpachi: He always had his eyes glued to the\Nscreen for her weather forecast.
Kagura: Is she going to ask us to change the\Nweather so her forecasts are right?
GINTOKI: Ketsuno-san.
GINTOKI: I'm sorry to say that it won't be possible\Nfor us to change the weather for you.
GINTOKI: But there is one thing we can do.
GINTOKI: Your gloomy face...
GINTOKI: We can clear it up for you.
Shinpachi: President.
GINTOKI: I'm sure we can put that\Nsmile back on your face.
Ketsu: May I have another?
Shinpachi: President.
Shinpachi: The Nilo has put a smile\Nback on her face.
Ketsu: I appreciate the thought.
Ketsu: There are still people cheering\Nme on after I've fallen apart.
Ketsu: Just knowing that is enough for me.
Shinpachi: Why did you suddenly lose your\Nability to forecast the weather?
Shinpachi: But did something happen?
Ketsu: It's not an issue that can be\Nsolved by talking about it.
Ketsu: I'm sorry.
Shinpachi: So something did happen.
Shinpachi: Please tell us.
Ketsu: I don't want to put you in danger.
Shinpachi: Danger? What do you mean?
Shinpachi: We definitely can't back\Ndown after hearing that.
GINTOKI: Ms. Ketsuno.
GINTOKI: I don't care if your weather forecasts\Nare accurate or not.
GINTOKI: I just wanted to see your smile.
GINTOKI: Your smile gives me the strength\Nto make it through the day.
GINTOKI: That was the only reason\NI turned to your channel.
GINTOKI: Day after day...
GINTOKI: It's our turn now.
GINTOKI: Will you let us help?
Ketsu: Is it really okay?
Ketsu: For me to take advantage\Nof your kindness?
GINTOKI: You don't need to worry.
GINTOKI: We're a lot tougher than we look.
GINTOKI: A little danger won't be any problem...
Ketsu: Tsk! They've found me!
Ketsu: Evil be gone!
Ketsu: Kyukyunyoritsuyou!
Ketsu: Um...
Ketsu: This is more or less what\Nyou can expect.
Ketsu: Are you sure you're up for this?
GINTOKI: Y-Yeah...
GINTOKI: So we're dealing with this pattern.
GINTOKI: Pattern B2.
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: What is this?!
Shinpachi: What was that monster?!
Shinpachi: Why is the weather lady\Nfighting monsters?!
Shinpachi: This has nothing to do with the weather!
Ketsu: The weather lady is my morning facade.
Ketsu: But I also have a different\Nidentity at night.
Ketsu: This would be the other side of me.
Shinpachi: O-Onmyoji?!
Shinpachi: The morning weather lady\Nis an onmyoji at night?!
Ketsu: Yes.
Ketsu: they were skilled sorcerers with the ability\Nconquer evil and stem disaster.
Shinpachi: Why?
Shinpachi: Why is someone so amazing\Nworking as a weather lady?
Shinpachi: Why are you being attacked\Nby monsters?!
Ketsu: And my ability to read the heavens has\Nalso been repressed by an onmyoji.
Ketsu: Do you understand?
Ketsu: There is an onmyoji in Edo who doesn't\Nlike the fact that I'm a weather lady.
Ketsu: but I'll do the best I can until then.
Ketsu: So please bear with me!
Ketsu: Today will be a sunny autumn day!
Shinpachi: I never would have dreamed that\NMs. Ketsuno was an onmyoji...
GINTOKI: And she's up against another onmyoji.
Ketsu: It's not for the Shogun or the Bakufu.
Ketsu: I...
Ketsu: I wish to use this power for the smiles\Nof the people in this town.
Shinpachi: Huh? Hold on a second.
Shinpachi: Where are we?
GINTOKI: The Ketsuno clan are established\Nfamily of elitists.
GINTOKI: a waste of her considerable power.
GINTOKI: How do you think those stuffy\Nknuckleheads would feel?
Shinpachi: You mean...?!
GINTOKI: Let's go have a talk.
GINTOKI: With those assholes
GINTOKI: and their hemorrhoids!
Shinpachi: This is the Ketsuno clan residence?
Shinpachi: You're going to encroach on the territory\Nof an elite clan of onmyoji?!
Shinpachi: If you do that...
Shiki: Who are you bugs?
GINTOKI: I have no business with you tools.
GINTOKI: Bring out the hemorrhoids.
GINTOKI: Or you want me to squeeze\Nsome white puss out of you?
Shiki: Get the hell out of here\Nbefore we crush you!
Shinpachi: Gin-san! This is bad!
Shinpachi: We'll get killed for sure!
Shinpachi: Let's leave for now!
Shinpachi: Let's come back after we've\Ncome up with a better plan!
GINTOKI: Why are you getting so scared?
GINTOKI: There's no need to worry.
GINTOKI: Fight shikigami with shikigami.
GINTOKI: I've got my own here.
Shinpachi: That's...?
Shinpachi: That can't be...?!
GINTOKI: Ms. Ketsuno gave this\Nto me as a precaution.
GINTOKI: It apparently contains one of the\Nshikigami under her control.
Shinpachi: Really?!
GINTOKI: An intercom?
Shinpachi: Aren't they usually supposed\Nto appear right away?
Shinpachi: Could you... Could you\Ngive us a moment?
Shinpachi: This is an intercom.
Voice: Hello?
Shinpachi: There! Somebody picked up!
Shinpachi: A shikigami?
GINTOKI: This isn't a sales pitch.\NI'm asking for a shikigami...
GINTOKI: Nakasaki?
GINTOKI: [Just who is the Seimei character who\Nrescued Gin-san and the gang?]
GINTOKI: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
GINTOKI: Who's the guy with the stony face?
Gedomaru: Lord Seimei.
Gedomaru: Head of the Ketsuno clan.
Gedomaru: A genius onmyoji who's said to\Nbe the strongest in clan history.
Gedomaru: Seimei Ketsuno.
Gedomaru: [Note: Based off the Onmyoji Seimei Abeno.]
Gedomaru: Lady Christel's older brother.
GINTOKI: Huh?
Seimei: I apologize for the uncomfortable experience.
Seimei: You have my gratitude.
Seimei: Please rest to your heart's content.
Seimei: Christel will yell at me if I allow you to\Nleave without offering any hospitality.
Seimei: I can also serve liquor if any of you drink.
Shinpachi: He made a feast appear with\Na snap of his fingers.
Shinpachi: He's a monster!
Shinpachi: A Paul Maki monster!
Shinpachi: [Note: Japanese Comedian who was popular\Nwith his constant finger snaps.]
Shinpachi: We've got fox spirits wrapped around us!
GINTOKI: Wrapped around us?
GINTOKI: More like they've been\Nsuckling at our nipples.
Gedomaru: This may be the work of a devil.
Gedomaru: I shall test it for poison first.
Kagura: That's mine!
Shinpachi: How did you know we were acquainted\Nwith Ms. Ketsuno?
Seimei: We of the Ketsuno clan have used\Nour knowledge of Onmyodo
Seimei: to defend the Bakufu and\NEdo for a long time.
Seimei: Do you know how we have\Ncarried out that duty?
Seimei: Through our sight.
Seimei: one must first analyze the target from every\Npossible angle in order to see anything.
Seimei: I have stationed shikigami all around\NEdo to serve as my eyes.
Seimei: How could I not be aware\Nof my sister's situation?
GINTOKI: Heh. I see that Big Bro knows\Neverything that's going on.
GINTOKI: That makes this simple.
GINTOKI: What did you people do to Ms. Ketsuno?
Seimei: You believe that we are the reason Christel\Ncan no longer forecast the weather?
GINTOKI: Wouldn't the strongest onmyoji ever\Nbe capable of such a thing?
Seimei: It's true that when Christel left the\NKetsuno clan without a word
Seimei: the traditionalists were\Nvehemently opposed.
Seimei: I was also one of them
Seimei: until I saw her as...
Seimei: Could it be?!
Ketsu: I apologize for being off with\Nthe morning forecast.
Ketsu: I hope to do better as I give\Nyou the afternoon forecast.
Seimei: Christel!
Seimei: Just hurry!
Seimei: Hurry up and record this on DVD!
Seimei: Erase it!
Seimei: Erase Spider-man!
Seimei: We've already seen it so many times!
Seimei: Erase King Kong...
Seimei: Just erase the parts where\Nthe heroine shows up!
Seimei: The annoying one!
Ketsuno: Here I go then!
Ketsuno: Boss! Her forecast is starting!
Seimei: Hey! You bastards ready to pray?!
Seimei: Don't miss what she says!
Seimei: We'll do whatever it takes to make\NChristel's forecast accurate!
Seimei: Pray the second she speaks!
Seimei: The very instant she speaks!
Ketsuno: The afternoon forecast for Edo...
Ketsuno: Is sunny.
Seimei: Make it sunny!
Shinpachi: Seimei-san seems about ready\Nto literally burn up for his sister.
Kagura: He already joined their family.
Shinpachi: How can he blend in so perfectly?!
Shinpachi: What is that?!
Seimei: So they've also begun!
Seimei: Break their spell!
Kagura: The two sides are pushing and prancing\Naround with each other.
Gedomaru: It is the Shirino clan.
Shinpachi: Shirino clan?
Gedomaru: A family of onmyoji that\Nrivals the Ketsuno.
Gedomaru: The Shirino clan.
Gedomaru: The Ketsuno clan and Shirino clan
Gedomaru: have been in a savage struggle for political\Npower since the Heian period.
Gedomaru: they finally joined to serve the Bakufu\Ntogether in this Edo period.
Gedomaru: Through Lord Seimei's efforts.
Gedomaru: The Shirino clan placed one condition\Nin the peace accord.
Gedomaru: To offer Lady Christel as a bride.
Shinpachi: Is that when...
Gedomaru: believing that it would serve to bring\NLady Christel back to this world.
Gedomaru: believing it would make peace\Nbetween the clans.
Gedomaru: Lady Christel spent most of her time\Ngazing into the sky back then.
Gedomaru: and returned her to her position\Nas weather lady.
Gedomaru: And the hatred was greater than before.
Gedomaru: and their battle grew into something\Nnever seen before.
Gedomaru: A mystic battle.
Gedomaru: Over the weather.
Shinpachi: So the ones who messed
Shinpachi: with Ms. Ketsuno's weather forecast\Nand got her fired are...
Seimei: Stand strong!
Seimei: We must make it sunny!
Shinpachi: Guys!
Gedomaru: Yes...
Gedomaru: The misfortune which has befallen Lady\NChristel is the work of a single man.
Shinpachi: That's Ms. Ketsuno's...
Kagura: Ex-husband...?
Gedomaru: before Lord Seimei\Nstole his wife away.
Seimei: Doman...
Doman: Your sister's weather forecast is wrong.
Doman: She should quit before they force her off.
Doman: How does she have the nerve to appear on\Ntelevision with her inaccurate forecasts...
Doman: I see that both siblings are thick-skinned.
Seimei: Circular flyer!
Seimei: What?!
Doman: but your abilities are no longer\Nable to even scratch me.
Doman: Should I participate?
Doman: I am no longer the person I was before.
Doman: I was reborn to extract revenge\Nagainst you siblings.
Seimei: Bastard...
Doman: you no longer have anyone able to fight.
Doman: You are the only one left\Nto protect your sister.
Doman: Christel may be fired from her\Nposition as weather lady...
Doman: The Ketsuno clan may be obliterated...
Doman: And this rain will still continue.
Doman: This rain will continue until the wails\Nof you siblings have forever ceased.
Shinpachi: Seimei-san!
Shinpachi: I never imagined that a battle over\Nthe weather was taking place.
Shinpachi: An argument between neighbors gets blown\Nout of proportion when onmyoji are involved.
Kagura: They were all beaten up.
Gedomaru: I've been keeping her out of the loop.
Shinpachi: Huh?
Kagura: Why's that?!
Kagura: Ms. Ketsuno was suffering so much!
Gedomaru: she would return to Doman in\Nan attempt to end the fight.
Gedomaru: But...
Gedomaru: I never want to see Lady Christel\Nlook so sorrowful again.
Gedomaru: Lady Christel was the only onmyoji master\Nwho ever treated me as a friend.
Gedomaru: And he does not wish for Lady\NChristel to learn the truth.
Ketsu: I promise to do better tomorrow.
Director: Camera's rolling.
Director: Please stop throwing things!
Ketsuno: Then I'll be giving the forecast now.
Director: It's dangerous!
Seimei: Aren't you a fan of Christel?
Seimei: I can't believe you can watch this.
GINTOKI: Besides...
GINTOKI: Ms. Ketsuno is putting up with\Nthis crap to give her report.
GINTOKI: We have a duty to watch.
Seimei: Who are you calling your big brother?
Seimei: I am the one responsible\Nfor Christel's suffering
Seimei: and Doman's turning\Ndown a dark path.
Seimei: I am not allowed to avert my eyes.
Seimei: I am obligated to watch every second.
Seimei: that I allowed duty to blind\Nme to everything else.
Seimei: I selfishly used my own sister as a tool
Seimei: before selfishly taking her\Naway from Doman.
Seimei: Only after blundering was I able to see.
Seimei: Only after suffering loss was\NI able to understand.
Seimei: You must watch the things that are\Nimportant with your own two eyes.
Seimei: Who are you calling your dear brother?
Seimei: A letter sent from Doman.
Doman: It is the duty of the head\Nto defend the family.
Doman: And it is the duty of an older brother\Nto defend a younger sister.
Doman: I won't tell you to choose between them.
Doman: In a Shikigami Tag Team\NMystic Deathmatch!
Doman: This contest shall serve as the\Nfinal battle of the weather war!
GINTOKI: Shikigami Tag Team\NMystic Deathmatch?
Seimei: Who are you calling your broseph?
Seimei: It refers to a 3-on-3 onmyodo match.
GINTOKI: I see. So this is a challenge.
GINTOKI: So he isn't satisfied by\Npestering Ms. Ketsuno.
GINTOKI: He's come to directly crush bro-bro.
Seimei: Who are you calling your bro-bro?
Seimei: Cut that out already!
Seimei: How desperate are you\Nto join my family?
GINTOKI: I just wanted to let you feel as though\Nyou'd suddenly discovered
GINTOKI: that you were about to live with\Ntwelve adorable little brothers.
Seimei: That's one creepy-as-hell\NBrother Princess!
Seimei: What the hell is ro-ro?
Seimei: What does that have\Nto do with anything?
Seimei: The hell is a nutbro?
Seimei: That makes it sound like I'm a nutxxxx!
Seimei: I will accept the challenge alone.
Seimei: The responsibility is all mine.
GINTOKI: Are you protecting Ms. Ketsuno\Nbecause you feel guilty?
Seimei: Guilt...?
Seimei: while she was using her power\Nto give people the weather.
Seimei: of bringing them happiness...
Seimei: She was a much greater onmyoji\Nthan I could ever be...
Seimei: She is...
Seimei: My... Our clan's...
Seimei: Pride and joy...
GINTOKI: I wonder if the rain will stop.
Gedomaru: Beats me.
Gedomaru: But there's one thing I can say.
Gedomaru: Lord Seimei will die.
Gedomaru: Doman has become exponentially\Nstronger than before.
Gedomaru: The mark on his face...
Gedomaru: He must have dabbled in forbidden\Narts so he could defeat Lord Seimei.
Gedomaru: and his power is dispersed.
Gedomaru: but his duty will not allow that to happen.
Gedomaru: He won't be able to defeat\NDoman as things stand.
GINTOKI: Will that change if we go?
Gedomaru: Master Gintoki.
Gedomaru: Do you know why Lady\NChristel sent me?
Gedomaru: To stop you.
Gedomaru: I was ordered to keep you out of danger
Gedomaru: and prioritize your lives.
Shinpachi: That can't be!
Shinpachi: Are you telling us to stand by\Nand let Seimei-san die?!
Shinpachi: We're the only ones left who can fight!
Kagura: You're okay with Ms. Ketsuno crying?!
GINTOKI: You never had any intention of\Nletting me order you around.
GINTOKI: Oh well.
GINTOKI: I'm not used to having people\Nserve me anyway.
GINTOKI: Now I'm free.
Gedomaru: Don't you understand that a bunch of\Namateurs who can't use shikigami
Gedomaru: would be reduced to a rain of blood?
GINTOKI: Fine by me.
GINTOKI: Look at this weather.
GINTOKI: Not much difference if it's\Nblood instead of water.
GINTOKI: I'm willing to stand in any of those.
GINTOKI: But...
GINTOKI: I'm done standing in a girl's tears.
Gedomaru: As I said...
Gedomaru: A shikigami is always judging its master.
Gedomaru: I've been waiting for those words.
Gedomaru: You are my second master.
Gedomaru: no matter how difficult it may be.
Gedomaru: I shall protect you from bullets\Nand the elements.
Gedomaru: So Master Gintoki...
Gedomaru: Please assist me in helping\NLady Christel.
GINTOKI: You didn't need to ask.
GINTOKI: Too much of a pain.
GINTOKI: And don't call me Master Gintoki.
GINTOKI: Call me President.
Shinpachi: Wait!
Shinpachi: We can't summon shikigami or anything!
Shinpachi: Are we really going to be okay?
Kagura: Don't sweat the small stuff!
Shinpachi: Small stuff?!
Shinpachi: Isn't this a shikigami tag match?!
Kagura: You don't need to worry!
Shinpachi: Huh?! Where?!
Shinpachi: Huh?
Doman: I praise you for coming alone.
Seimei: I can handle you myself.
Seimei: Simple as that.
Doman: Yet do you know why I would bother\Nchallenging you to a contest?!
Doman: To show you my strength!
Doman: I will destroy your pride
Doman: so you can die in despair!
Doman: I have lived solely for the sake of\Nrevenge against you siblings!
Doman: as I sharpened my claws\Nin the darkness!
Doman: And that time has finally come!
Doman: The long weather war will finally end!
Doman: Who are you?!
Shinpachi: How did this happen?
GINTOKI: Ah! Sorry about being late!
GINTOKI: Is this where the world martial\Narts tournament is being held?!
Shinpachi: Pandemonium...
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san...
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san!
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san!!
Shinpachi: The next episode...
Shinpachi: Not Losing to the Storm.
Shinpachi: [Shinpachi and Kagura enter round one of\Nthe Shikigami Tag Team Mystic Deathmatch!]
Shinpachi: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
Seimei: You idiots!
Seimei: What are you doing here?!
GINTOKI: That's just cold.
Seimei: Who are you calling bro-bro?
Seimei: I don't recall choosing you\Nto be Christel's husband!
Seimei: Leave!
Seimei: Who'd want a prize like that?!
Seimei: I'll give you off to Demon\NKing Piccolo or Krillin!
Seimei: Leave!
Kagura: Don't be such a stiff.
Kagura: She's already divorced once.
Seimei: You also plan on coming?!
Kagura: Don't worry.
Kagura: There won't be any complaints as\Nlong as we get the inheritance.
Kagura: We're willing to call anyone our Mom.
Seimei: Your kids have a real nasty streak!
Seimei: Gedomaru!
Seimei: Take these people out of here!
Seimei: Do you believe that people without magic\Ncan possibly survive this fight?!
Gedomaru: They cannot use divination\Nor call shikigami.
Gedomaru: They don't have the power\Nto stop this rain.
Gedomaru: But they know how to bring\Nback Lady Christel's smile.
Gedomaru: I can promise you that.
Doman: I believed that there was no one\Nleft in the Ketsuno clan to fight...
Doman: Very well.
Doman: You may join Seimei...
Doman: The final battle of the weather war!
Doman: The Shikigami Tag Team Mystic\NDeath Match begins!
Seimei: These men are not...
Seimei: Didn't you hear me say to wait?!
GINTOKI: I'm sure that they'll be able to win.
GINTOKI: They aren't so weak as to lose to magic.
Seimei: This isn't about losing to magic!
GINTOKI: It's a shikigami.
GINTOKI: The Odd Jobs gofer.
Seimei: It's a gofer wearing full body tights!
Seimei: His eyes are swimming all over!
Seimei: It's doing the butterfly!
Seimei: It's splashing everywhere!
Doman: Show them the might of the Shirino clan.
Seimei: He's sunk to the bottom of the pool!
Seimei: Call the lifeguard!
Seimei: He's drowning!
Shinpachi: No way in hell!
Shinpachi: Hey!
Shinpachi: I give u-
Kagura: Nothing at all.
Kagura: I forgot to feed him.
Kagura: Here's some Petigree jam.
Kagura: Eat up.
Shinpachi: Is this an eating race?
Shinpachi: We have a chance of winning then!
Shinpachi: Wh-What the hell is a Pandemonium?!
Gedomaru: One of the shikigami's favorite foods.
Gedomaru: Pandemonium larvae.
Gedomaru: You're so lucky to get an eating contest.
Shinpachi: How could something so\Ncreepy be a snack?!
Shinpachi: Hell no!
Shinpachi: Not in this life!
Shinpachi: I refuse to go!
Shinpachi: No more!
Shinpachi: Wait!
Yasu: Ow! My crotch is being torn apart!
Doman: What are you doing?!
Doman: Hurry it up!
Seimei: They just might win?!
GINTOKI: See? I told you.
Kagura: Eat the Pandemonium!
Shinpachi: Not happening!
Shinpachi: Anything but the Pandemonium!
Shinpachi: It's staring at me!
Kagura: This isn't much different from a crab!
Shinpachi: That's not the problem here!
Kagura: Close your eyes and I'll\Nshove it in your mouth.
Kagura: Shinpachi! Hurry!
Kagura: Eat before they do!
Shinpachi: I'll just pretend I'm doing\Nit for Ururun Taizaiki!
Shinpachi: [Note: Documentary show where celebrities\Nhomestay in foreign countries.]
Shinpachi: Damn it! Just a little farther!
Shinpachi: My first kiss...
Kagura: Huh?
Shinpachi: Let me recover.
Pan: Me too...
Pan: It was also my first...
GINTOKI: Who gives a damn?! Just hurry up!
GINTOKI: What's with the wolf-whistling?!
GINTOKI: Eat it!
GINTOKI: Hurry up and eat it!
Shinpachi: M-My bad! I didn't mean to do that.
Shinpachi: take your important first time like this...
Pan: I don't really mind...
GINTOKI: Why are you blushing?!
GINTOKI: I don't get it!
GINTOKI: What's with the fluffy atmosphere?!
GINTOKI: How do you go from a\NPandemonium-eating race to this?!
Shinpachi: Why am I so concerned about\Nan accidental kiss...
Shinpachi: It doesn't matter if I kissed\Nthis Pandemonium...
Shinpachi: It's not like Pandemonium-san\Nwanted to kiss me...
GINTOKI: Who the hell is Pandemonium-san?!
GINTOKI: A classmate?!
Shinpachi: And it doesn't even matter right now...
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Who the hell is this?!
GINTOKI: Was this how Pandemonium-san looked?!
GINTOKI: Didn't it have a face like a Behelit?!
GINTOKI: [Note: From the manga "Berserk"]
Shinpachi: Huh? That's weird...
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Why is my heart beating so fast...?
Shinpachi: Was Pandemonium-san always so cute?
Shinpachi: This is bad!
Shinpachi: It's getting harder to eat this...
Kagura: What are you doing?\NHurry up and eat it.
Shinpachi: I'm sorry!
Shinpachi: Did I touch you somewhere weird?
Pan: No...
Pan: My chest...
Shinpachi: Chest?!
Shinpachi: I'm sorry! I didn't mean to!
Pan: It's okay.
Pan: I know...
Pan: My heart started racing so much that I...
Shinpachi: Stop!
Shinpachi: My heart's gonna burst!
GINTOKI: Is he an idiot?
GINTOKI: A complete idiot?!
Shinpachi: It's getting more and more\Ndifficult to eat you...
Shinpachi: I'm falling harder and harder for you...
GINTOKI: Hey! Cut this out!
GINTOKI: This is a Pan-eating race!
GINTOKI: Why are you falling in love with the Pan?!
Pan: You don't need to hold back.
Pan: Please eat me.
Shinpachi: Stop!
Shinpachi: Stop talking!
Pan: but it was also my last kiss.
Pan: I have no more regrets.
Pan: Thank you for making me\Nfeel like a girl at the end...
Shinpachi: I can't do it!
Shinpachi: How could I eat this lovely girl?!
Kagura: What the hell is this idiot rambling about?
Pan: Eat me quickly.
Pan: You must hurry!
Pan: That's right!
Pan: Drop me to the floor so\Nit's easier to eat me!
Pan: Please hurry!
Shinpachi: That's not it...
Shinpachi: Your kindness is preventing me from...
Kagura: Let me take care of this!
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san!
Shinpachi: What the hell are you doing?!
Shinpachi: Hey! Give Pandemonium-san back!
Doman: It appears that we have\Nwon the first match!
Kagura: Not yet!
Kagura: Spit it out!
Kagura: Hmm? Where is it?
Kagura: I'm having a hard time finding it.
Shinpachi: How can I eat that?!
Kagura: Oh well.
Kagura: It's mostly Shinpachi's fault.
Kagura: I did what I could.
GINTOKI: It's mostly your fault.
GINTOKI: That was one hell of a grotesque fight.
Pan: I will live on in your heart.
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san?
Shinpachi: Pandemonium-san...
Shinpachi: I will never forget your soft lips...
Pan: And I will never forget...
Pan: about your soft-headedness.
Seimei: I appreciate the help.
Seimei: But I want you to leave\Nif it gets dangerous.
Seimei: Christel won't be able to\Nsmile if you all perish.
Seimei: Who are you calling your bro-bro?
Seimei: Call me Seimei.
Seimei: but I have the authority to\Nconsider you a friend.
Seimei: Do you want me to curse you to death?
Kagura: Send these clouds!
Kagura: Send this rain!
Kagura: Flying away!
Doman: Let's end it now.
Doman: The long struggle between\NShirino and Ketsuno...
Doman: A spiral of fate that's been\Nlined with hate...
Doman: Did I take too long?
Doman: Should I have gone with something\Nmore compact?
Kagura: Bring back Ms. Ketsuno's true smile!
Doman: I'll let someone else warm you up.
Doman: Too soon!
Doman: Haven't summoned my shikigami...
GINTOKI: I'll beat the crap out of you
GINTOKI: before you can use your funny magic!
GINTOKI: You wimps can't beat me\Nin a physical brawl!
Soan: Lord Doman!
Soan: [Famous line from the opening song\Nof the Touch anime series.]
Soan: Touch! Touch! Touch me here!
GINTOKI: Hey you.
GINTOKI: I hear you're Ms. Ketsuno's ex-husband.
GINTOKI: that means you've done this and that
GINTOKI: and all kinds of
GINTOKI: weather phenomena with\Nher! Is that it? Huh?!
GINTOKI: All kinds of thunderstorm warnings?!
GINTOKI: All kinds of flood warnings?!
GINTOKI: Right on! Time to finish this!
GINTOKI: The Ketsuno Style Ultimate Attack!
GINTOKI: Ketsuno(Ass) Bomber!
GINTOKI: He dis-
GINTOKI: -appeared?!
Shinpachi: What's going on?
Shinpachi: Where's Doman-san?
Doman: Fools.
Doman: Did you fall under my spell?
Doman: Can't you tell?
Doman: You were fighting a mere illusion.
Doman: I haven't moved a single\Nstep from this spot.
Shinpachi: An illusion?!
Soan: There's something dripping\Nfrom your ass.
Doman: It's not what you think.
Doman: What's with those looks?!
Doman: I'll show you my perfect\Nhemorrhoids as proof!
Shinpachi: What was the point in using an illusion?!
Doman: Finish them off while I put\Nsome medicine on my ass.
Doman: The enemy is on its last legs.
Doman: Finish off the small fry\Nand draw Seimei out.
Gedomaru: You're going to be killed if\Nyou don't do something.
Gedomaru: Anything I can do?
GINTOKI: M-My balls...
GINTOKI: A hernia...
GINTOKI: Push them back...
GINTOKI: to their original throne...
Gedomaru: This is no time for you making jokes.
Gedomaru: Will hitting your back work?
GINTOKI: Y-Yes...
GINTOKI: Please do...
GINTOKI: Hurry...!
GINTOKI: How far were you trying to\Npush it back down to?!
GINTOKI: You were going to drop my life\Nbefore you dropped my balls...
GINTOKI: Trying to beat me to death?
GINTOKI: Huh?
GINTOKI: Hold on a second.
GINTOKI: Isn't this...
GINTOKI: You didn't just drop my balls!
GINTOKI: They're rolling around on the floor!
Shinpachi: How is it even possible for\Nyour balls to fall out?!
GINTOKI: What are you going to do about this?!
GINTOKI: Fix this!
GINTOKI: Put them back!
Gedomaru: I'm busy.
Doman: I won't let that happen!
GINTOKI: The hell are you people\Ndoing with my balls?!
Seimei: Curse you! Go up!
Doman: Down you go!
Seimei: I fake up and go down!
Doman: I fake down and go down!
Seimei: I go straight down!
GINTOKI: You're both just smashing\Nthem against the floor!
Seimei: There's no end to this.
Seimei: There are two balls.
Seimei: while you take the left.
Seimei: Each in control of one.
GINTOKI: Why?!
GINTOKI: Why are you dividing up my balls?!
Doman: Amusing.
Doman: A battle where we each control\None ball and make them fight.
GINTOKI: Why are you making them fight?!
GINTOKI: What kind of fight is this?!
Doman: [Note: From manga "Sket Dance". Not from Naruto.]\N[GTO1 - Sasuke - Taste in ladies: kind girls.]
GINTOKI: Who the hell is Sasuke?!
Seimei: [Note: Lead character of manga "Sket Dance".]\N[GTO2 - Yusuke - Taste in ladies: ?????]
GINTOKI: [Note: Each name contains kanji for left and right.]\N[GTO2 - Yusuke - Taste in ladies: ?????]
GINTOKI: Don't name them by which\Nside they're on!
GINTOKI: Ow!
GINTOKI: Send them both back!
GINTOKI: Ouch! Ouch!
GINTOKI: They're being crushed!
GINTOKI: Please stop!
GINTOKI: Get along with each other!
GINTOKI: [Note: Referring to a storyline from "Sket Dance".]
GINTOKI: but they both want to help\Npeople in the end!
GINTOKI: Somebody stop this fight!
Gedomaru: Will that do it?
Kagura: Kin-chan!
Shinpachi: Who are you calling Kin-chan?
Bon: Who needs a count?!
Bon: I'll crush his head and toss\Nhim out of the ring!
Seimei: Gedomaru!
Seimei: Hey! Get a grip!
Gedomaru: Master Gintoki.
Kagura: Kin-chan!
Seimei: Forgive me for letting this go this far...
Seimei: If I wasn't a failure...
Seimei: There's still hope if we hurry!
Seimei: You take Sasuke while Gedomaru\Ntakes Bossun.
Seimei: [Note: Bossun=Yusuke's nickname.]
Kuzu: Very well.
Kuzu: And who the hell is Bossun?!
Gedomaru: Lord Seimei.
Seimei: Do not fear.
Seimei: Leave the rest to me.
Doman: and now you use your last\None on another person?
Doman: An Onmyoji without shikigami is\Nlike a samurai without his sword!
Doman: You believe you can defeat\NBontenmaru bare-handed?!
Shinpachi: Seimei-san!
Seimei: I can no longer see...
Seimei: it appears that I've lost\Nsight of myself again.
Seimei: Nor of our long struggle\Nwith the Shirino clan...
Seimei: I see nothing at all...
Doman: Impossible!
Doman: He withstood an attack from\Na shikigami unarmed?!
Doman: What's this...?!
Doman: Seimei's power is rapidly growing...!
Doman: You couldn't have...!
Doman: You've unsummoned the countless\Nshikigami watching over Edo
Doman: to focus all of your power!
Doman: Your actions will cause you to be\Ndismissed as lead guardian of Edo!
Seimei: I no longer have a need to watch over all!
Seimei: I only want one thing...
Seimei: I only want to see her smile...
Seimei: That's all.
Gedomaru: That's Antenmaru...
Gedomaru: He was sealed away by the Ketsuno\Nand Shirino clan a millennium ago.
Gedomaru: The next episode...
Gedomaru: Never Losing That Smile.
Gedomaru: [The tragedy that took place between the Ketsunos\Nand Shirinos one-thousand years ago repeats!]
Gedomaru: [See you next time.]
 Name:  Text
Seimei: I can no longer see...
Seimei: I no longer have a need to watch over all!
Seimei: I only want one thing...
Seimei: I only want to see her smile...
Seimei: That's all.
Seimei: Doman!
Doman: Seimei...
Doman: Seimei!
Doman: Mystic counter!
Doman: Mantra of Victory!
Seimei: Mystic seal!
Seimei: Spell return!
Doman: I will never lose!
Seimei: Your power alone will not\Nbe enough to defeat me!
Seimei: I'm going to wake you up!
Doman: Silence!
Doman: Acala Vidyaraja!
Doman: Seimei...
Doman: I shall incinerate you with an\Ninfinite number of flames!
Seimei: Doman.
Seimei: Don't make up numbers.
Seimei: Rounding 103 wards wouldn't\Ngive you an infinite number.
Seimei: Nowhere near infinity.
Doman: Seimei... You...
Dad: Doman...
Dad: Doman...
Dad: You're so hopeless.
Dad: Staying up late again.
Doman: But I can't fall asleep.
Dad: Very well.
Dad: I shall tell you another old tale.
Doman: Yay! What are you going\Nto tell me about today?
Doman: Kintaro slaying Gedomaru?
Doman: Or Momotaro?
Dad: and tortured the people\Nwith an eternal rain.
Dad: The skies cleared above the capital and the emperor\Nshowed his appreciation for the brothers
Dad: and they were able to drive away\Nall forms of wickedness.
Dad: Their strong bond kept the capital safe.
Dad: The younger brother's love was\Na sad one that could never be.
Dad: The younger brother kept his feelings\Nfor the princess secret
Dad: as he could only watch\Nover her from afar.
Dad: That was when a shocking piece\Nof news reached his ears.
Dad: The princess had been kidnapped.
Dad: The kidnapper was...
Dad: His older brother.
Dad: The emperor was absolutely furious
Dad: and declared that the older\Nbrother be tried as a traitor.
Dad: And the younger brother was\Nchosen to track him down.
Dad: The younger brother set off on\Nhis search with a heavy heart...
Dad: But his older brother was living\Nhappily with the princess...
Dad: The two people he loved most.
Dad: He spared the baby because he could not bear\Nfor his heart to be blackened any further.
Dad: And the younger brother finally realized.
Dad: That he was causing the rain...
Dad: That he had become a demon...
Dad: Antenmaru!
Dad: all while plotting revenge.
Dad: An arrow was fired into his hideous face.
Dad: The son of the older brother\Nslew the revived Antenmaru
Dad: was split in half like a dirty ass.
Dad: And thus began the long struggle\Nbetween Ketsuno and Shirino.
Dad: A spiral of growing hate...
Doman: How am I supposed to fall asleep\Nafter hearing all that melodrama?!
Doman: No way!
Doman: You're going to tell me to\Nfight Seimei-kun again!
Dad: So it's true that you've become\Nfriendly with the Ketsuno boy.
Doman: I don't care about the past!
Doman: Don't force your family feud onto us!
Doman: Seimei-kun's a really nice guy!
Doman: He taught me how to curse\Nmy enemies today!
Doman: We made a promise!
Dad: You fool!
Dad: Can you not understand the grudge our ancestors hold\Nfor having their position and prestige taken away?!
Dad: Get along together?
Dad: That will never happen!
Dad: curse that boy to death.
Dad: our relationship as father\Nand son ends here.
Shinpachi: What's that?!
Shinpachi: The mystical mark on Doman-san...!
Seimei: It's too bad.
Seimei: I thought we could become best friends.
Dad: You fool!
Dad: You have the nerve to crawl\Nback to this house!
Dad: You have shamed our clan!
Dad: I told you not to return\Nuntil you defeated him!
Dad: Hate him!
Dad: Envy him!
Dad: Despise him!
Dad: We are armed with a millennia of malice!
Dad: Change that hatred into power!
Ketsu: Are you okay?
Ketsu: I'm sorry.
Ketsu: My brother doesn't know\Nhow to hold back.
Ketsu: Oh no...
Ketsu: You're bleeding from your butt.
Ketsu: You can use mine.
Anten: Doman.
Anten: Surrender your body to me!
Anten: The ones who banished your family from\Nthe light to the dark should be hated!
Anten: Should be destroyed!
Anten: Why do you hesitate? Why do you wait?
Ketsu: I'm sorry...
Ketsu: Today's that day...
Anten: Recall!
Anten: The magma of hatred\Nsleeping deep within!
Doman: We're out of paper.
Doman: That's all you ever have!
Anten: Never forgive the ones who\Ntook everything from you!
Anten: destroy it all!
Anten: Soak into darkness!
Seimei: Doman...
Seimei: Did you channel yourself\Ninto a shikigami?
Gedo: No.
Gedo: That is not a mere shikigami.
Gedo: Has allowed his hatred to drive him\Ninto summoning something terrible.
Seimei: Don't tell me that's...?!
Gedo: a thousand years ago\Nafter a desperate fight.
Gedo: Antenmaru.
Seimei: The demon who almost destroyed\Nthe capital a thousand years ago...
Seimei: Why is it here?!
Gedo: It was revived.
Gedo: That man was driven by negative\Nfeelings to seek power
Gedo: and dabbled in the forbidden arts.
Gedo: He's awakened the slumbering Antenmaru\Nand given his own body.
Seimei: Turn his own body over to a demon...
Seimei: How could he do this?
Seimei: No! He can no longer differentiate\Nbetween friend and foe!
Seimei: Everyone run!
Seimei: Wake up! Doman!
Seimei: My spells don't work!
Kuzu: Lord Seimei!
Kagura: Shinpachi! We don't have\Ntime to worry about rules!
Kuzu: Darkness...
Kuzu: Overwhelming darkness capable of even\Nswallowing Lord Seimei's spells...
Kuzu: It consumes Doman's negative\Nfeelings to grow stronger.
Kuzu: It can no longer be stopped...
Kuzu: It won't stop until it has shrouded\Neverything in darkness!
Kuzu: Lord Seimei!
Seimei: Stay back!
Seimei: Gedomaru! Kuzunoha!
Seimei: Take that man and his\Nfriends and escape!
Kuzu: Lord Seimei!
Kuzu: Gedomaru?!
Gedo: It's too early to give up.
Gedo: This man has yet to play his role.
Kuzu: What are you saying?!
Gedo: Continue treating him.
Gedo: His right ball is more or less healed.
Kuzu: Lord Seimei wasn't able to\Nstand against that thing!
Kuzu: What could this man with\Nno balls possibly do?!
Gedo: It's true that he has no balls...
Gedo: But this man...
Gedo: ...has a soul that can never be crushed.
Kuzu: What are you doing?!
Kuzu: Don't push yourself!
Kuzu: Your left ball is still crushed!
GINTOKI: Help keep my balance...
GINTOKI: Got a rendezvous with a demon.
GINTOKI: Spruce it up a bit.
GINTOKI: Something flashy enough\Nto stick up its dirty ass!
Kagura: What are you doing?!
Kagura: There isn't time to worry about\Nwhich side you're on!
Kagura: Help him out!
Seimei: Didn't I tell you to escape?!
Kagura: Sister lover!
Kagura: Hold on!
Kagura: We're coming to help!
Seimei: This is the fate of those born\Nto Ketsuno and Shirino.
Seimei: Our ancestors destroyed one\Nanother over a woman.
Seimei: And I have repeated that mistake.
Seimei: I can not allow a woman to\Ndie because of our fight!
Seimei: And Doman...
Seimei: I won't let you die!
Seimei: I am the only one who needs to die.
Seimei: I thought I could ease your suffering...
Seimei: but I don't know a single way\Nto make up with a friend.
Seimei: I was the one who pushed\Nyou into that state.
Seimei: It is my duty to take it all in.
Seimei: I'll accept all of your darkness.
Seimei: My life would be a cheap price to pay to\Nend this stupid thousand-year-long fight...
Seimei: You must not lose yourself like your\Nancestor and attempt to destroy all!
Seimei: Remember!
Seimei: Was the woman you loved meant to\Nstand in the rain under a dark sky?
Seimei: Was the Christel you loved...?
Seimei: The Christel we loved...?
Shinpachi: Seimei-san!
Anten: Descendant of Mikado.
Anten: It is too late.
Anten: I laugh that a weakling consumed by darkness\Nwould ever think to control my power.
Anten: I'll gladly be taking them.
Anten: What?!
Anten: Who are you...?!
GINTOKI: Just a fan.
Ketsu: Not losing to the rain.
Ketsu: Not losing to the wind.
Ketsu: Not losing to the storm.
Ketsu: All while never losing that smile.
Ketsu: That's How I Wish To Be,\NBeautiful And Strong.
 Name:  Text
Sei: Remember!
Sei: Was the woman you loved meant to\Nstand in the rain under a dark sky?
shinpachi: Seimei-san!
Anten: What?!
Anten: Who are you?
GINTOKI: Just a fan.
Kagura: Gin-chan!
GINTOKI: It's still not enough!
GINTOKI: Give me more until it's\Nall hard and stiff!
Anten: What's this?!
Anten: They're channeling magic\Ninto his blade...
Anten: That will have no effect on me!
Anten: Die!
Seimei: This should be...
Doman: You know so many spells that I don't.
Anten: Can't control the body...
Seimei: Yeah...
Anten: What are these memories?!
Sei: It's too bad.
Sei: I thought we could be friends.
Anten: These are... These are...!
Doman: I felt the same way...
Anten: Doman!
Seimei: Doman...
Seimei: Can it be? Are you...?
Seimei: Are you restraining Antenmaru?!
Doman: Seimei...
Doman: I refuse to listen to you...
Doman: Sacrifice your life to end\Nthis once and for all?
Doman: I refuse to let you have all the glory.
Doman: Allow me this final moment.
Doman: Quickly...
Doman: Finish me off while you can...
Anten: A lesser being could never hold me back!
Doman: Do it!
Doman: The time has come for the\NKetsuno clan and Shirino clan
Doman: to join together after a\Nthousand years of strife!
Doman: Let us show him our clan's\Nmight to vanquish evil!
Doman: Break free of our accursed fate!
All: Lord Doman!
shinpachi: That's...
shinpachi: Their power is gathering\Ninto Gin-san's blade!
Seimei: Doman!
Doman: Seimei...
Doman: I've figured out how to make up with you.
Doman: Protect Edo with me...
Cath: The door went flying!
Cath: Tama!
Cath: Otose-san! Tama got...!
Otose: Isn't it your job to report the weather?
Otose: These fools will only make people panic.
Otose: Isn't there a reporter with some nerve to...
Ketsu: Good morning.
GINTOKI: I can feel your raw emotion...
GINTOKI: Big enough to reach anyone anywhere...
GINTOKI: Guaranteed...
GINTOKI: Strong enough to cut through
GINTOKI: these smothering dark clouds!
Anten: Begone!
Anten: Your clan has been\Ncursed by darkness!
Anten: You can never clear away these clouds!
Anten: The Mikado are fated to suffer\Nan eternal rain of hatred!
Ketsu: How is everybody doing after\Nthe extended period of rain?
Ketsu: Are you feeling down because\Nof the gloomy weather?
Ketsu: Lost your cheer?
Ketsu: Rain must eventually end.
Ketsu: Clouds must eventually part.
Ketsu: So cheer up.
Ketsu: Let us all wish together.
Ketsu: Our hopes will reach...
Ketsu: I just know it...
Ketsu: The sun will shine...
Ketsu: Along with our hearts.
GINTOKI: Here we go!
Kagura: Namaste.
All: Tomorrow will be sunny!
Doman: But it would fade when\NI tried to draw it close...
Doman: Never meant to be by my side...
Ketsu: Now here is the forecast for today.
Ketsu: Today's weather is...
Ketsu: Sunny!
Doman: It can only be seen when\Nstanding in the sunlight...
Doman: Ah...
Doman: Still the same as back then.
Doman: What a great smile...
Sei: A considerable job for both\NOnmyoji and shikigami.
Sei: Nobody will be able to return to protecting\NEdo for the time being.
shinpachi: Someone mentioned how you'd get in trouble\Nfor recalling the shikigami around Edo.
Sei: The situation was dire.
Kagura: So you weren't fired.\NThat's good news.
shinpachi: Will they be punished?
Sei: Punished?
Sei: Why would that be necessary?
Sei: Nobody can be blamed\Nfor Antenmaru's revival.
Sei: The seal on him had weakened\Nafter a thousand years.
Sei: The Ketsuno clan and Shirino\Nclan cooperated to exorcise it.
Sei: Am I wrong?
shinpachi: Seimei-san...
Sei: but utterly destroyed the huge wall that separated\Nthe Ketsuno and Shirino for a thousand years.
Sei: Marrying Christel and taking over the family\Nwon't be anywhere near enough.
shinpachi: Gin-san would love to hear that.
Kagura: That sponge is worthless.
Sei: I was only joking.
Sei: But I believe he will return\Nhome for the time being.
Sei: The entire clan will be holding\Na feast in his honor.
Sei: His xxxxicles haven't been healed yet?
Sei: Hey!
shinpachi: The entire clan holding a feast...
Kagura: I wish we had a chance to\Nshare a glass with him.
Kagura: I wish we could have showed\Nhim this sky.
Doman: Oh?
Doman: And who might you be talking about?
Gedo: Where are you going?
Gedo: We can't hold a feast without\Nthe guest of honor.
GINTOKI: Guest of honor?
GINTOKI: Are you stupid?
GINTOKI: I said that I'm just a fan.
Gedo: So you were planning to work for\Nfree this entire time?
GINTOKI: Don't be ridiculous.
GINTOKI: When have I ever worked for free?
GINTOKI: Get this signed for me and send it back.
Gedo: I promise to send it back.
GINTOKI: We're going to pretend the story\Non TV never happened?
GINTOKI: Or what?
shinpachi: Could the main character not deny\Nthe whole point of the movie?
Kagura: I can't take this anymore...
Kagura: I can't bear to star in a film that's produced\Nby such dirty grown-ups...
GINTOKI: by recapping the Benizakura arc.
GINTOKI: Don't worry.
GINTOKI: so we can summarize the\Ngood parts in a digest.
GINTOKI: Like this!
GINTOKI: We members of Odd Jobs search\Nfor the missing Katsura
GINTOKI: to find that Takasugi is plotting to\Nuse Benizakura to destroy Edo.
GINTOKI: Odd Jobs battles him to\Nstop his nefarious plot.
GINTOKI: Gushing faster than the\Neye can perceive!
GINTOKI: a slumbering monster\Nwithin me awakens!
GINTOKI: Its name is the Cuticle Samurai!
shinpachi: The hell are you twisting the facts for?!
shinpachi: Your head's the twisted mess!
shinpachi: Stop telling lies!
shinpachi: And you go off using the money to gamble?!
GINTOKI: Pretty sure that was how it went...
GINTOKI: They were life insurance policies...
shinpachi: That's even worse!
shinpachi: How could anyone make\Na film out of this?!
Kagura: You can't blame him for forgetting\Nstuff that happened in the past.
Kagura: Let me handle this.
Kagura: I remember Benizakura like\Nit happened yesterday.
Kagura: It was something like this.
Kagura: I find Katsura without his memories\Nand with a unibrow.
shinpachi: You've got it completely wrong!
shinpachi: That has nothing to do with\Nthe Benizakura Arc!
shinpachi: [Reference to the Noriko Sakai drug scandal.]
shinpachi: That's just the Tatsuya Gashuin mess!
Kagura: Really? I have trouble remembering\Nwhat happened in the past.
shinpachi: The one you described is ancient history!
shinpachi: Don't confuse this with something\Nthat happened twenty years ago!
Kagura: Why did Zura go missing anyway?
Kagura: Did he even go missing?
shinpachi: You don't remember a single detail!
GINTOKI: And then his hair was shorter\Nwhen he came back.
shinpachi: Who the hell are you talking about?!
shinpachi: That's not it!
shinpachi: The Benizakura Arc has\Nnothing to do with that!
shinpachi: There's no such thing!
Kagura: Who cares what color it is?
Kagura: Though I'm totally against white.
shinpachi: Shut up!
shinpachi: Just forget it!
shinpachi: Could the two of you please shut up!
Kagura: No choice. We'll use the fastest\Nand cheapest method!
GINTOKI: I recommend volumes 11\Nand 12 of the manga.
Kagura: A vital item for fully enjoying the movie.
Kagura: In place of volume 0.
Kagura: [Reference to the tenth One Piece film and its vol.0]
shinpachi: So this was all just\None big advertisement?!
Guy: The next episode...
Guy: Santa Claus Red is Blood Red!
 Name:  Text
Kagura: The first thing to do when you\Nwake up in the morning
Kagura: is to look for toy store ads that come with\Nthe newspaper during the holiday season.
Kagura: Then you study it while standing next to your old\Nman when he reads the paper in the morning.
Kagura: You must not make any direct references\Nsuch as saying "I want this."
Kagura: Show that you're thoughtful enough to refrain from\Nasking for presents because of money concerns.
Kagura: A sigh can prove effective.
Kagura: but I guarantee he does.
Kagura: Be patient and continue this\Nroutine every morning.
Kagura: that your old man has pulled\Nout the toy store ad for you.
Kagura: This means that victory\Nis within your grasp.
Kagura: Price dropped on the TS.
Kagura: Casual little pushes like that.
Kagura: Be wary of your pronunciation.
Kagura: Your old man is unfamiliar\Nwith foreign words.
Kagura: Enunciate each and every word.
Kagura: Then you just wait for\NChristmas morning...
Kagura: ...Merry Christmas.
Kagura: Dear Dad.
Kagura: How is your hair doing?
Kagura: I wonder what part of the universe you're\Nshedding hair right about now?
Kagura: I'm on Earth with a full\Nhead of hair as always.
Kagura: and everybody is excited.
Kagura: comes to give presents to the children.
Kagura: gets excited about what they\Nshould ask Santa for.
Kagura: But that old Santa fella\Nhas never visited me.
Kagura: See the beginning of this episode\Nfor further details.
Kagura: Or does Santa not even exist?
Umi: War's broken out between planet\NKameda and planet Naito again.
Umi: Planet Kanehira's asked for assistance.
Kameda: What the...?
Umi: Dear Kagura-chan.
Umi: I read your letter.
Umi: I'm glad that you still have\Na full head of hair.
Umi: I'm sorry.
Umi: I pray from far away in\Nspace that you have
Umi: a merry Christmas with\Nyour Earth friends.
Umi: There's no need to be sad.
Umi: With a large bag full of presents...
Umi: Clad in red clothing...
Umi: Santa will come...
Shinpachi: Merry Christmas!
Shinpachi: And here's to another year gone by!
Shinpachi: sitting around a kotatsu with\Na hot pot on Christmas.
Otae: Sorry if this doesn't feel very Christmasy.
Otae: I heard that this would also\Nbe an end-of-the-year party.
Shinpachi: It's too much effort to hold\Na Christmas party
Shinpachi: It's not because we have no\Nmoney! It'd just be a drag!
Madao: A blend of eastern and\Nwestern cultures.
Madao: The informal atmosphere\Nis very Japanese.
Shinpachi: You got that right!
Madao: And you don't need to worry.
Madao: I brought something Christmasy with me.
Shinpachi: Though it's kind of small...
Shinpachi: But it looks very delicious!
Madao: Quality over quantity.
Madao: The lovable look is very Japanese.
Shinpachi: You got that right!
Shinpachi: You'll just feel sick if you eat too much.
Shinpachi: This is the perfect size.
Otae: Then let's cut it up.
Shinpachi: No fair that Kagura-chan gets everything!
Otae: Stop fighting now.
Otae: [Note: Spoof on a brand of\NJapanese starch noodles.]
Madao: Doesn't that mean there's\Nonly Malomy...?
Shinpachi: Then I'll go with Malomy-boy!
Otae: When are you ever going\Nfind yourself a girlfriend?
Shinpachi: You got me there!
Shinpachi: Christmas is so much fun!
Shinpachi: It's too bad Gin-san couldn't join us.
Otae: He's probably walking around drinking.
Otae: Just ignore that scoundrel.
Shinpachi: You're right!
Shinpachi: Let's have fun talking about\NGin-san behind his back!
Umi: It appears that I'm in time\Nfor that Christmas event.
Umi: But what a meager party...
Umi: Is this truly Christmas?
Umi: Kagura-chan is completely bummed out.
Umi: Daddy's coming.
Umi: Daddy will transform this destitute\Nnight into a lovely Christmas Eve.
Umi: Kagura will be so surprised when\Nshe sees me here in Edo.
Umi: I must play through this Santa\Ncharacter for tonight.
Umi: She's been discouraged by the reality\Nthat Santa does not exist.
Umi: A parent has the duty\Nto help a child dream.
Umi: but if it means I can help make\Nthis a fond memory...
Shinpachi: Huh?
Shinpachi: Is someone in the yard?
Otae: Oh? What?
Umi: They've noticed!
Umi: Here I go!
Umi: Merry Christmas!
Umi: Have you all been good\Nlittle boys and girls?
Umi: Santa Claus is here to make you happy!
Umi: Kagura-chan's completely surprised.
Umi: Your personal Santa is right here...
Umi: Huh? She's a little too surprised.
Umi: Shouldn't she act a bit more happy?
Umi: Huh? What?
Umi: Did daddy do something wrong?
Umi: Is there hair sticking out my nose?
Umi: Huh?
Umi & Gintoki: It's... It's Santa!
Kagura: There are two Santas!
Kagura: Who are you people?!
Umi: What's going on?
Umi: Why is there another Santa here?
GINTOKI: Who is this guy?
GINTOKI: Why is there another Santa\Nbesides Gin-Santa?
GINTOKI: I've been waiting here the entire evening in\Nthis freezing weather to surprise them...
GINTOKI: Why?
GINTOKI: Why did this happen?!
Umi: The worst possible timing...
Umi: What do I do?
Kagura: There could never be two Santas!
Kagura: One must be fake!
Kagura: A thief who disguised himself as Santa\Nto rob the houses of innocent people!
Kagura: I'm turning you over to the cops!
Umi: It's daddy!
Umi: Santa-Daddy whose come\Nto help you dream!
GINTOKI: Hey! They're treating me like\Na fake because of this guy!
Umi: On second thought...
Both: I am a fake.
Umi: This is bad...
Umi: Maybe I should reveal myself before\Nthey turn me over to the cops...
Kagura: Say something!
GINTOKI: It'd be embarrassing to tell them the truth\Nafter all the trouble I've gone through.
GINTOKI: Because I haven't accomplished anything!
GINTOKI: Haven't accomplished a single thing!
Umi: Who might you be?
GINTOKI: Huh?
Umi: I'll force him to back down.
Umi: I should be able to maintain\Nthe act once I'm alone.
GINTOKI: Who are you?
GINTOKI: Do you belong to some neighborhood\Nchildren's association?
GINTOKI: That beard is obviously fake.
GINTOKI: But I would prefer you\Ndon't half-ass the job.
GINTOKI: You'll get yourself hurt if you\Nunderestimate Santa.
Umi: Please...
Umi: That's a harsh joke.
Umi: You're the one who's copying me.
Umi: Why isn't this guy backing down?
GINTOKI: Just like how everyone casually uses the manga\Nsystem developed by Osamu Tezuka.
GINTOKI: This old guy is digging in.
Umi: What's with this guy?
Umi: Why does he refuse to back down?
Umi: He's just a fake.
Umi: Say.
Umi: Do you listen to rock?
Umi: They say that every current rock and\Nroll band was born from the Beatles.
GINTOKI: What? You're Santa and you\Nlisten to the Beatles?!
Umi: Huh? What? I can't?
Umi: What do you listen to then?
GINTOKI: That new age stuff.
GINTOKI: I know you're a fake! So scram!
Umi: I've heard that Enya la-la-la...
GINTOKI: [Note: Singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita.]
Umi: He's ancient.
Umi: [Note: Mariya Takeuchi. Song was\Nused for Holiday commercials.]
Umi: Who sings the fried chicken thing.
GINTOKI: Tatsuro and Kazumasa are\Nclassics in every era.
GINTOKI: This old man hasn't flinched at all!
Umi: That confidence... Could he be...
GINTOKI: Don't tell me this guy is...
Both: The real Santa Claus?!
Umi: but he carries himself\Nwith a certain grace.
Umi: Like a master of the sword.
Umi: He has the skin of a man in his twenties.
Umi: Is he even human?
GINTOKI: I once met a man who\Ncalled himself Santa.
GINTOKI: He was just an old man with no ambition.
GINTOKI: But this guy's completely different.
GINTOKI: Maybe Santa's supposed to\Njust have a short mustache?
GINTOKI: Like the letdown when you see\NLord Frieza's final form.
GINTOKI: Like how the real deal's are actually\Nquite simple-looking.
GINTOKI: For real?
Both: This is the worst possible place\Nto run into the real Santa.
Otae: What are they doing?
Shinpachi: They've been staring at each other in\Nsilence and haven't budged an inch.
Umi: What am I supposed to do?
Umi: Should I apologize?
GINTOKI: It's too late to apologize now.
GINTOKI: It'd be absolutely disgraceful.
Umi: This is like a comedian doing a parody\Nof the song "Ofukuro-san"
Umi: [Note: Performed by the\Nsinger Shinichi Mori.]
Umi: when the singer himself\Nshows up behind you.
GINTOKI: I won't have it!
GINTOKI: I can't disgrace myself\Nwhile they're watching!
Umi: Then what am I supposed to do?